<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>6: The Breakdown – Single Parent Families</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">6</span><br/>THE BREAKDOWN – SINGLE PARENT FAMILIES</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The developed superego is the key to a well-rounded human being.
The superego develops during a child's upbringing and is the only
learned part of the psyche. The superego is the morality and the values
that prevent the id from embarking on an endless pursuit of immediate
and animalistic satisfaction. The development of the superego goes on
throughout childhood, beginning at an early age and moving forward
into the teenage years as the child matures into an adult.</p>
<p>It would be accurate and correct to state that the
development of the superego is largely down to the child's parents.
During childhood the people a child most closely identifies with are
his or her parents. The child spends an enormous amount of time
with their parents and the parents have a huge influence on the
child's mental development.</p>
<p>The superego is made up of two separate entities – the
conscience and the ideal self. The conscience is what punishes the
individual with feelings of guilt if they pursue something that is
morally wrong. The ideal self is the perfect vision of what an
individual should be; it is an ideal which that individual then strives
to live up to.</p>
<p>Bearing in mind the dual nature of the superego and the vast
influence the parents have on a child's development, it is obvious
that defective parents or bad parenting could easily stunt or
completely damage the development of a functioning and well-
rounded superego in a child.</p>
<p>Further to this, if one parent was missing from the family
unit there would be huge repercussions on the children as each
parent imparts different components of the superego to the child.
The absence of either parent would leave a child without a
balanced upbringing as the child would lack either the male or
female perspective.</p>
<p>Before we go on to discuss just how damaging single parent
families are to the development of a child's superego, it is first important to look at how crucial the nuclear family has been to the
development of Western man and how the family unit has always
been the cornerstone of Western society.</p>
<p>Europe, especially Northern Europe, is a cold and harsh
place for large periods of every year. If one was given the option of
being dumped naked anywhere in the world in December with no
tools, resources or food, Northern Europe would logically be one of
the least favourable destinations one could choose. The ground is
frozen, the nights long, the leaves have long fallen from the trees and
the birds and fish have migrated south.</p>
<p>Europe can be a beautiful and lush place at the right times of
the year, but in winter it is a harsh and unforgiving place – and one
that would have severely tested Western man's early ancestors. Let
us take this hypothetical situation a step further, and imagine a
woman and her child being dumped alone in Northern Europe in
December, with no tools, resources or food.</p>
<p>Caring for a baby or small child is difficult at the best of times
– but when dealing with the harsh elements as well as a lack of food,
resources and long cold nights it would be almost impossible for a
single parent (male or female) to bring up a child alone. Yet, those
are the conditions in which Western man evolved and ultimately
flourished. As Western man is still here today, it is obviously true
that his ancestors managed to succeed at surviving through the long,
hard winters and that they were effective at raising and protecting
children during these trying times.</p>
<p>The obvious answer to how Western man's ancestors managed
to survive and raise children is that they did so as a couple. Those who
came together as a couple and those who formed lasting bonds were
much more likely to see their children survive through the winter
months. Conversely, men who abandoned their women or women
who ran from their men would most likely see their offspring perish
when the seasons changed and the conditions got harsher.</p>
<p>Nature's law is survival of the fittest and over time the
evolutionary pressures on Western man were clear – those best
adapted for survival were those who adopted the early model of the
nuclear family. This nuclear family would become the cornerstone
of Western life.</p>
<p>With the birth of the nuclear family came the division of
labour. The male became the hunter gatherer and the female became
the early homemaker. The male left the shelter in search of food and
resources and specialised in tasks such as hunting, tool making and
foraging. The female remained behind and learned skills that
evolved into what we know today as multitasking.</p>
<p>The male would go out each day and typically pick one
particular task to do at once. He would specialise in that task and
develop it in isolation from other tasks. Whether that be the creation
of tools, hunting animals, fishing or gathering resources – the male
would do each of these tasks on their own, as attempting to do them
all at the same time would lead to catastrophic failure. One cannot
hunt whilst at the same time trying to create the tools with which
one is supposed to hunt.</p>
<p>The female stayed in the dwelling and developed a totally
different set of skills which gave birth to the female art of
multitasking. The female would cook, clean, tend to the young,
organise the dwelling and keep feeding the fire with fresh wood.
None of these tasks required constant attention for long periods of
time in the same way the males' tasks did. The female would move
from task to task and learned to balance doing many things at once.</p>
<p>In essence, the male and female complemented each other as
a pair. One dealt ably with one set of tasks whilst the other dealt ably
with another. The male and female form what is clearly a
complementary pair whose roles are unique, yet complement each
other's roles perfectly. Essentially the male and female formed a
partnership and together that partnership was more than the sum of the respective parts that it was composed of. The nuclear family was born and developed from that point on.</p>
<p>The family unit became a selective advantage for Western
man and the division of labour and natural healthy gender roles
flourished. Western man's children survived and their genetics were
passed on to the next generation. Those who could not find a
complementary female or those who abandoned their partner were
highly unlikely to have offspring that survived their first winter, their
genetic line was erased and a strong precedent was set.</p>
<p>Even at this early stage of Western development, the
superego was being passed down from generation to generation and
those with the strongest superegos were more likely to prosper.
Although Western man was living in caves and using animal skins
for warmth, the Western superego was starting to flourish, that
spark was starting to create the traditions and values that shaped
Western nations and Western culture into what they became at the
height of Western civilisation.</p>
<p>Back in the days of the hunter gatherer, the same battle took
place in our primitive minds – the id, the ego and the superego
existed. As always, the id pushed for instant gratification and
pleasure, the ego added the reality principle and the superego added
the early forms of morality.</p>
<p>The earliest moral value was to form a family unit and
protect one's partner and offspring. This initial bout of conscience,
which involved not letting your partner and offspring struggle and
starve to death, coupled with the early ideal self which was clearly to
be a strong hunter, provider and reliable partner, shaped the male
into a dominant father figure who was strong, dependable and the
cornerstone of the family unit – a protector and an authority figure.</p>
<p>This evolved into the modern Western family unit where the
male assumed the role of a fatherly figure that gave advice,
dispensed discipline and order and was the head of the household. These early moral values can also be credited for the creation of the
loving, dependable and caring motherly figure – a woman who is
loyal to her partner, her children and committed to supporting both.
The ideal woman was loyal to her partner as he was loyal to her and
the more motherly and caring she was and the more children she
bore the more likely it was that her bloodline would flourish.</p>
<p>However those that followed their impulsive pleasure
principle, those who gave into their id and simply pursued selfish
gratification and hedonism were unlikely to survive and their
offspring never had a chance. Those who went it alone for an easier
life and put themselves first either died alone or their children never
reached maturity. Their DNA was lost in the passage of time and
their bloodlines came to an abrupt end.</p>
<p>The children of the early nuclear family saw this. They were
born with their id, but they soon developed a strong superego. They
saw their mother and father together; they saw the division of labour
in early Western society and they developed a conscience toward
their parents, siblings and the fledgling community that surrounded
them. They developed feelings of guilt for letting down their family
and community and they developed the first and earliest form of
ideal self – they wished to emulate their mother and father and
follow in their parents' footsteps by raising their own family.</p>
<p>Both the male and the female would be brought up in a two-
parent family environment. The young females would learn from
their mother in the dwelling and the young males would soon leave
the dwelling and go with their father to learn how to become men.</p>
<p>Crucially, the male is the key disciplinarian for both young
males and young females. The male acts as the head of the family unit
and is the strong alpha and as such his role in the family is to dispense
any form of judgement, discipline and order within that family. As
such the female and other younger members of the family would turn
to the male to settle any disputes and keep the family in line.</p>
<p>The female's role was that of the caregiver. She would give
attention to the young, the wounded and the ill. She showed
compassion and love and nurtured a different form of development.
Both the male and the female imparted equally important values to
future generations making both a mother and a father crucially
important in the upbringing of children and the formation of the
child's superego.</p>
<p>As Western society advanced and went from families to
tribes, and from tribes to nations, the leaders of Western society
noted the importance of the family unit. The family unit was
enshrined in law – and the idea of divorce was heavily frowned upon
with those wishing to split apart their family unit being scorned and
treated as outcasts.</p>
<p>This trend was further cemented by religion: all religious
texts talk of the importance of the nuclear family and of the union
of man and woman. All those who wrote such texts realised that the
strength of a people lay in the strength of their family bonds. So it
held that religion also strengthened the family, again frowning on
divorce and promoting the family unit.</p>
<p>Such was the importance of the family unit and a loving
two-parent home, that should a woman fall pregnant, the man was
expected to marry her and create a home with her, and both the
male and female were to come together for the good of the
children to ensure the successful upbringing of the next
generation. The superego stated that the pleasure of the two
individual parents was less important than the welfare of the next
generation.</p>
<p>At one point it would have been unthinkable for a single
parent family to exist – unless through the sad loss of life of either
partner or a genuine reason for divorce. Divorce was always frowned
upon and wedding rights were rightfully thought of as a union for
life which was only to be broken when 'death do us part'.</p>
<p>However, as stated earlier, there is no such thing as a truly
perfect society and in every society there are flawed individuals –
those who give in to their id and pursue instant pleasure at the
expense of the good of others, whether that is the good of their
friends, society at large or the good of their partner and family.
Divorce should obviously be a last resort, but in certain cases it
should clearly be granted.</p>
<p>These limited cases are fourfold: Firstly in the case of
genuine sustained abuse – whether physical or mental. No one
should have to live in an abusive relationship. However abusive does
not mean being shouted at once in a blue moon during an argument,
nor does it mean the occasional push or shove. Every relationship
will have its ups and downs, and a slight down period that leads to an
explosive argument should not be used as an excuse to undo months
or years of good, productive and loving companionship.</p>
<p>Secondly, infidelity – which should not be tolerated in
relationships or within society. The growing acceptance of infidelity
is a direct result of the breakdown and weakening of the superego.
The id will always want satisfaction and always crave more
satisfaction. The superego should be strong enough to forgo that
satisfaction on the moral grounds that one has a partner and is
married. An individual should never put thirty minutes of pleasure
before the good of a lifelong relationship. If an individual cheats,
then they are not suitable to bring up children as their actions are
indicative of a weak or defective superego. As the cornerstone of
Western society, the family comes first and those willing to break it
for instant gratification are not suitable to bring up children.</p>
<p>Thirdly, genuine irreconcilable differences are grounds for
divorce. A genuine irreconcilable difference would involve an
individual going off the rails for a sustained period of time and as
such their actions would present a threat to the continued wellbeing
or even the existence of the rest of the family. The wayward individual's actions would be detrimental to the family's continued
healthy lifestyle – for example, if a partner begins gambling, taking
drugs, becomes an alcoholic or takes up another wholly negative
pursuit which places the family unit in jeopardy. However, before
the relationship is broken, a responsible partner should do
everything in their power to help steer their wayward partner back in
the right direction. Relationships are hard work, and couples should
not give up on each other at the first sign of trouble.</p>
<p>Finally, the fourth reason for breaking up a marriage is if a
parent presents a threat to the couple's children. The importance of
a two-parent family is to ensure the correct upbringing and
protection of the children. However if either side of that bond – the
male or the female – becomes a threat to those children then that
indeed would be a strong reason to break up the marriage as it would
defeat the very purpose of the union. If two people come together to
protect a child, but one of those two people intends to harm that
child then the union is indeed pointless and counterproductive.</p>
<p>However today breaking a marriage could not be easier – in
fact the divorce rate in many Western nations is now over 50 per
cent. People get married, have children and break their vows over
the most petty of things – with divorces within the first year of
marriage becoming ever more common. It is as if for some the
marriage itself is not worth the piece of paper it is written on;
marriage has now become more about holding a lavish and
materialistic wedding in order to show off to friends and family and
less about making lasting vows that should represent an
unbreakable bond between two people.</p>
<p>For many the urge for marriage no longer centres on love and
moral vows, but from the immediate gratification of a giant party
and the attention surrounding the wedding ceremony. This has been
fuelled through trashy magazines, television shows and the constant
coverage of celebrity weddings – most of which seem to collapse in record time. Increasingly the drive for marriage simply represents
another way to show off and gain short-term attention; this is not
only a corruption of the institution of marriage, but also of the
traditional ideals that underpin marriage.</p>
<p>Marriage has been reduced to such a joke and marriage vows
are so easily broken, that the importance of marriage has waned in
the mind of the Western man. There is now less of a drive for
marriage – even if a woman falls pregnant. The idea of a couple
being expected to marry if the female fell pregnant would seem
positively 'old fashioned' and 'out of touch' and those putting
forward that opinion would be scorned.</p>
<p>But with the breakdown of marriage comes the rise of the
single parent family. The cornerstone of Western society, the
nuclear family, has been broken. What took thousands of years to
evolve through natural means and then was enshrined in both
religious and state law has been dismantled in a matter of decades.
Western morality and values lay shattered and the family unit is
broken up so individuals can pursue their own selfish pleasure.</p>
<p>This leaves Western man in a situation where mothers bring
up children alone and there is no father present in the home.
Increasingly the mothers in question have multiple children by
multiple men, and the older children are forced to watch different
men coming in and out of the home as if that were natural and
healthy. The adults in these relationships are only bothered about
satisfying their immediate sexual urges – in effect gratifying their id.
These individuals have a weak superego and do not remain together
to care for their young as those with a strong moral compass would.</p>
<p>We now see generations of children who are brought up
without a father – the individual who was once the head of the family
unit. The father as discussed earlier was the strong disciplinarian – the
individual in the household who imparted authority and order, the
one the family unit turned to for strength, protection and guidance.</p>
<p>The father figure plays a key part in the development of his
child's superego and helps impart a sense of ideal self; the father is
both a role model and a teacher. But increasingly he is no longer
present. It is no coincidence that an increasing number of children –
both young males and females – are tearaways with little or no care
for authority, order or discipline. These feral youths walk the streets
late at night, indulge in poor practices, skip school and generally
seek only their own pleasure.</p>
<p>The id has claimed these youngsters, because they lack
discipline in the home and lack a father figure to look up to as a role
model. But the problem with single parent families doesn't end
there, that is just the beginning.</p>
<p>Once the single parent family has been allowed to thrive and
become a social norm, the values that were once held across
Western society begin to crumble. At one point it was necessary to
bring up children as a couple – simply for survival. Every child that
survived its first winter did so because its parents had worked
together. The two parent family was then enshrined in religious and
state law through the act of marriage. Marriage is now mocked and
the laws surrounding marriage have been progressively weakened.</p>
<p>Society no longer sees the nuclear family as normal or as a
desirable ideal. The very sense of ideal self – a fatherly male and a
motherly female that was imparted to children as part of their
developing superego is lost. The ideal self is no longer centred on
attaining a partner and building a strong family. The ideal self
becomes a warped and defective version of what it is meant to be
and the superego gives into the id's desire for individualism and
pleasure with little or no regard to the upbringing of future
generations.</p>
<p>The nuclear family which is the very cornerstone of Western
society is under sustained attack. Children and the well-being of
future generations are no longer put first; instead selfish individualism becomes the goal. Moral duty has been thrown to one
side in order that everyone can 'do as they please'.</p>
<p>As a consequence Western society is now littered with feral
children who do not respond to their elders. These feral children
lack strong role models in the home and as a result look for role
models elsewhere. These lost children are searching for someone to
look up to and admire, someone to act as a model for their vision of
an ideal self. Now imagine just what would happen if these lost
children were then presented with bad role models. Imagine the
catastrophic effect on their young minds if when searching for a
suitable role model, they came across false and destructive role
models who further warped their sense of right and wrong and led
them further away from the right path.</p>
<p>Not only would they stray further, but they would lack any
fatherly guidance in the home and more importantly they would
lack the discipline and order necessary to pull them back in the right
direction. This would surely be a recipe for future generations to
stray totally off track and become completely lost.</p>
<p>The bonds built from generation to generation and passed
down from father to child would be broken. Tradition, culture and
ultimately heritage would be forgotten. By breaking apart the family
unit, the enemies of the West have achieved the first step toward
breaking the bonds between Western man and his ancestors, and as
a result tens of thousands of years of development and culture stand
to be lost.</p>

</body>
</html>
