<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>24: True Salvation – Nationalism</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">24</span><br/>TRUE SALVATION – NATIONALISM</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The only true salvation for Western man is nationalism. Western man must return to his roots and embrace what once made him great. Western man must take on an ideology that encourages him to reconnect with his brothers and sisters and that allows him to rebuild his shattered communities. This ideology must reconnect Western man not only with his kin – but must also reconnect him with the land and soil that has been his home for thousands of years. Blood and soil are the natural callings that must be at the centre of Western man's mindset.</p>
		<p>But Western man must do more than simply strive to reconnect with blood and soil – Western man must also strive for excellence. This drive for excellence must start with the individual, but it must not be for individual glory, instead this drive for excellence must be for a greater good. Western man must strive for excellence in order to become a beacon of hope around which others can cluster, a beacon that attracts others who wish to embrace a healthier way of life. In this way, Western man can begin to rebuild his fractured communities and create something better.</p>
		<p>Western man must improve himself and hold his hand out to his brothers and sisters and aim to improve their lives also. Western man must work to tear down the barriers that have been erected in order to separate him from his kin and break up his once cohesive communities. Western man must rise up and embrace the single ideology that embodies all these virtues – nationalism. Western man must stand against both capitalism and communism and overcome social divisions to create a homogeneous society, and at the heart of this society must be tradition, culture and heritage.</p>
		<p>The first and central tenet of nationalism is love for one's own race – genuine nationalism is not an ideology of hate for others, but a love for and devotion to one's own people and culture.</p>

		<p class="top center"><b><i>To love one's own people and to respect all others who wish to do the same.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">Nationalism wishes for Western man to embrace his own blood and rebuild the Western community. To be at peace with the world, a man must love himself and his own family and community – to hate your own people and to be riddled with false guilt will never lead to happiness or fulfilment. Nationalism is an ideology that elevates one's own people above all others and places the protection and love of those people above all other concerns.</p>
		<p>Hatred for other people or races who also wish to follow a path of nationalism is wholly counterproductive. If Africans, Asians or any other ethnicity for that matter wish to embrace their own people and culture and strive for self-determination, then they should be applauded for doing so. The world is a magnificent place and is made up of an intricate tapestry of different cultures, races and ethnicities – and should remain that way.</p>

		<p class="top center"><b><i>Every race and culture should have the right to self-determination and self-governance.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">No race or ethnicity should seek to dominate another: let the African be an African, let the Asian be an Asian – but equally let Western man be what he should be. Every race or culture should have the right to determine their own future and the direction their people take without interference or coercion from another. The world is a richer place for the existence of different cultures and ways of life – and it should remain so. Different people should not be forced to live together in one big melting pot which will inevitably lead to conflict and the loss of unique ways of life that have been evolving and developing for thousands of years.</p>
		<p>Whilst different races and cultures cannot live in one confined space, there is enough room on this planet for everyone and everyone should have their own place.</p>

		<p class="top center"><b><i>All peoples of the world have the right to a homeland and the right to defend that homeland.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">Western man has the right to the lands that gave birth to him, the lands that he has tended for thousands of years and the lands that have sheltered generations of his family – those lands are his birthright. Equally, all races of the world have the right to their own homelands too, and they have the right to live in those homelands in peace, free of interference from others. Every race has the right to defend their homeland against an aggressor that seeks to displace them or dominate them by either force or guile.</p>
		<p>As such, every race and every nation has the right to control its own borders and limit immigration as they see fit. No nation is under any obligation to allow other cultures, races or ethnicities to cross their borders and settle within their lands. Ultimately the rich tapestry of the world will only ever be retained if different cultures maintain the traditions that define them. As such, different cultures can learn from and trade with each other, but should never live within each other's borders on a scale that alters the racial or cultural make-up of the host nation.</p>

		<p class="top center"><b><i>People are a product of the land they come from and should respect and honour that land.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">All peoples of the world have developed almost independently and often in vastly different environments. These different environments – nature itself – have moulded different people in different ways and given each race distinct characteristics. Not only should those characteristics be preserved and that diversity praised, but the environment that created those different races should be respected and honoured.</p>
		<p>Despite the advancement of technology, Western man should not become a stranger to the land that shaped and moulded him and sheltered and provided for countless generations of his ancestors. Western man should reconnect with the natural world and strive to be as close to nature as possible and aim to live in harmony with the natural environment. To believe humanity is above nature is a dangerous fallacy – humanity still depends on the natural world and ultimately the natural world depends on humanity.</p>
		<p>Western man should not pollute his lands nor should he treat his environment with disrespect or contempt. Western man should strive to show kindness to animals and compassion to those creatures that have less power than he – for nothing says more about a man than how he treats those less powerful than himself. Western man may be at the top of the food chain, but that does not give him the right to abuse that power or to inflict undue suffering upon the creatures that lie beneath him in that chain. The balance of the natural environment can be a delicate thing; it is best not to upset that balance, and man should strive to live as closely in harmony with nature as possible.</p>

		<p class="top center"><b><i>People should live in harmony with their natural environment and show kindness and respect to all living creatures.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">A healthy and vibrant natural world and a connection with that world is food for the soul. Those who cut themselves off from nature and cocoon themselves in concrete separate themselves from their environment and disconnect themselves from the very world that gives them life. This leads to both a mentally and a physically unhealthy state – neither of which are conducive to a strong nation.</p>

		<p class="top center"><b><i>A nation's health lies in the health of its people – strong people build a strong nation.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">A nation is only as healthy as the people who make up that nation. A nation full of slobs, drunkards and substance abusers will never be strong. A nation has the right to defend itself, but that nation must also have the ability to defend itself. A man can only defend his nation when he is strong and healthy. If Western man wishes to defend the soil that he calls home, then he must reject the poisons that ravage his body and strive for both physical and mental health.</p>
		<p>Only through physical and mental health can individuals feel truly good about themselves. When people allow themselves to stagnate, they slip into a malaise which drags them down further and traps them in a negative cycle which spirals ever downward and carries them to self-defeat. Young and old alike should be encouraged to take up healthy pastimes in natural environments and embrace the natural highs that these pastimes provide.</p>

		<p class="top center"><b><i>All for one and one for all – stand together as a community.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">Young and old should not just come together for pastimes; they should come together in every facet of life. Together we are strong, and divided we shall fall – Western man needs to rediscover the common bonds and cultural ties that once bound him to his brothers and sisters. Western man needs to re-awaken his desire for traditionalism and embrace the culture of his ancestors that has evolved over thousands of years.</p>
		<p>Tradition and shared moral values are what bind a group of people; they are the glue that holds society together through the good times and the bad. Tradition is something that is passed down from generation to generation; tradition is what links the old to the new and connects the living with the dead. Tradition is the way that Western man not only shows reverence for the past; but in a very real way tradition allows Western man's ancestors to speak through him and express themselves long after they have left the mortal world.</p>

		<p class="top center"><b><i>Tradition and culture should be revered as they are the expression of the will of one's ancestors.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">Once a people have lost their connection to their ancestors those people lose touch with their traditions. If you don't know where you have come from, how can you ever know where you are going, and if you don't know where you are going how can you know the purpose of your journey? Western man has been on a journey for thousands and thousands of years. Would it not be remiss of him to forget the details, the hardships, the achievements and the brave and noble sacrifices that were all part of that epic journey?</p>
		<p>Tradition is expressed in many ways – through song, dance, dress, religious ceremony and literature. Those traditions should never be forgotten as they embody the mindset of generations past. To disconnect with one's ancestors and to fail to relate to, or even disrespect, the elders in a community, is to lose a vital connection that is central to the survival of a people. This spiritual bond with the past is something that can never be supplanted or replaced.</p>
		<p>There is no higher goal in life than spiritual fulfilment – a fulfilment that flows from religion, folk, family and a connection with nature. Never must these spiritual callings be spurned in favour of the false idol of materialism. The pursuit of money and material wealth leads only to fleeting happiness. Attempting to fulfil the desire for material gain is a never-ending pursuit and leaves one feeling drained. To forgo spending time pursuing spiritual fulfilment in order to spend time chasing money is a grave error. Money and materialism should never come before family, folk, nature or religion.</p>

		<p class="top center"><b><i>Money is a tool of the economy and the economy exists to serve the people – not the other way around.</i></b></p>

		<p>Western man would be wise to remember that money is only a medium of exchange and a barometer of material wealth – not a measure of spiritual fulfilment or happiness. True happiness and spiritual fulfilment are not fed and developed through buying ever more mass-produced and highly disposable products. In fact the pursuit of materialism brings depression and anxiety and weighs on one's soul. Materialism causes Western man to spurn his family, give up on having children and ultimately serves to enslave Western man through usury and debt.</p>
		<p>Human beings value things they have struggled for and that they have worked hard to secure. Most importantly, it is through meaningful and genuine interactions with loved ones that lasting spiritual happiness and fulfilment can be attained. Instant gratification never lasts long, and the man who lives in a palatial but empty castle will ultimately feel less fulfilled than the man who lives in a modest abode but is surrounded by family and loved ones. Family and folk are truly the key to happiness and represent the very heart of Western society.</p>

		<p class="top center"><b><i>The traditional family is the cornerstone of Western society and should never be undermined.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">The traditional family unit is the cornerstone of Western society and was born out of necessity and the will to survive. The family unit is the main reason why Western man is still here today, as the family 		unit underpins Western civilisation itself. This family unit has allowed Western man to become strong and has shaped not only the West, but the whole world. The foundation of any cohesive society and any community is the nuclear family – the hard-working father, the loving mother and the respectful and well-mannered children.</p>
		<p>The nuclear family must be held up as the highest ideal, and defended at all costs. For it is within this nuclear family that every child develops the essence of what he or she will one day become. In every family unit the next generation learns from the previous generation. Parents set their children on a course – and it is imperative that the next generation continue on the correct path. Morality, values, discipline, order and traditions are passed down from father and mother to son and daughter.</p>
		<p>The influence and importance of the family must never be underestimated. Much of what has been said earlier exposes a vicious and sustained attack on the family unit by the enemies of the West. To truly understand the importance of the family unit, one must only look at the lengths to which those who wish to see the West fall have gone in order to damage the traditional nuclear family.</p>
		<p>Nationalism is the only ideology that embodies all of the tenets that have been listed above – but nationalism goes further and seeks to create and strive for what has been described as the perfect society. Through order, discipline and the creation of a homogenous society that thinks and operates with a shared consciousness, nationalism strives to create a better future for the community as a whole. Nationalism spurs the individual on to achieve more, but to achieve more for the greater good, not simply for selfish and materialistic reasons.</p>
		<p>Nationalism is also the only political ideology that rejects both capitalism and communism. In a perfect society the economic system is based on productive enterprise. In a perfect society people are neither enslaved by materialism nor are they forced to work without incentive or reward. A society that embraces productive enterprise has both a social conscience to ensure that every level of society's hierarchy benefits from the success of industry, but also ensures that private ownership and profit are not removed from the economic equation.</p>
		<p>So whilst individuals who own capital can profit from that capital, they do so not at the expense of their own workers, but by working with their employees in order to improve the means of production in a way that benefits everyone. In a capitalist society the owner of capital is not concerned with the rights or well-being of the worker; he is simply concerned with profit. Once the problems of capitalism manifest themselves within a society, the enemies of the West propose the false solution of communism. Communism seeks division by promoting class warfare in an unnatural drive for 'equality'. This class war targets those who own capital leading to a downward spiral in productivity as decision makers, inventors and owners are removed from the economic equation.</p>
		<p>Make no mistake; both capitalism and communism are economic systems that are under the control of the enemies of the West. They are presented as two absolutes and as the sole alternatives to one another. But by creating this false dichotomy the enemies of the West have sought to ensure that no matter what option Western man chooses, he will always end up in the clutches of a system designed to defeat and enslave him.</p>
		<p>Productive enterprise is a natural solution as it seeks to raise the standard of living for everyone and acknowledges that every level of society has a part to play in the advancement of that society. What's more, productive enterprise acknowledges that for society to advance successfully, it must move as one – for if it moves in separate directions it will tear itself apart. For if the worker moves in harmony with the business owner, both advance. For the worker and the business owner to move out of step with one another or for them to move in opposite directions would lead to tension, disharmony and ultimately create conflict within society.</p>
		<p>Nationalism seeks to raise the standard of living for everyone in society – and although nationalism believes in structure and hierarchy, that structure and hierarchy is there for the benefit of all. Nationalism allows the best to rise to the top and seeks to promote excellence – and excellence is exactly what Western man needs right now.</p>
		<p>Nationalism is the political and ideological embodiment of nature's will. Nationalism places the best in society on a pedestal in order to create role models and promote excellence. At the same time nationalism strives to create a homogenous society that pulls together in one direction and works toward common goals. Nationalism seeks to allow the best to rise to the top, but at the same time seeks to establish a safety net in order to ensure those who are less fortunate never fall onto the rocks of poverty. But above all else Nationalism seeks to enshrine the family unit, for that family unit is the core of a functioning and cohesive society.</p>
		<p>Western man has slowly sunk in the abyss and embraced degeneracy, materialism and individualism. Western man has not only tolerated weakness and depravity, but has worshiped weakness and depravity as if they were virtues. Western man has truly lost his way, and in order to find it again he needs a beacon of hope to act as a light in a sea of darkness. The beacon of hope that Western man needs must embody awe-inspiring excellence – an excellence that will inspire Western man to rise again and be something better than he is now. But this excellence must not be wrapped up in selfish individualism; this excellence must instead embody the noble virtues of family, folk and soil, and seek to uphold Western culture, traditions and spirituality.</p>
		<p>Like attracts like and good people follow good people. Equally, if a movement is dominated by losers, degenerates and weaklings it will only attract losers, degenerates and weaklings, and as a result will never achieve anything of note. The nationalists of past generations were writers, poets, artists, inventors, captains of industry, military geniuses, orators and athletes. That is what the West needs now – great men and women. The West needs great men and women to stand up and be counted. The West needs heroes to embrace a European revival that will shine like a beacon to Western man. The West needs brave men and women to stand up and inspire the masses. Large numbers of Western folk can now see the problems the West faces but are currently too scared to act – these people need leaders.</p>
		<p>As Western man stands on the precipice and stares into the abyss, there are only two options: to embrace the fall and watch as Western civilisation crumbles, or to rise up and reclaim the West. Western man must either embrace a strong and righteous ideology that binds him to his community, or Western man will fall and all that has gone before will be forever lost.</p>
		<p>There can be no half measures and there can be no room for cowards or individualistic and self-indulgent fools. There is no use in trying to play by the rules invented by the enemies of the West or by competing on a field that has been designed to ensure Western man loses every time. Those who seek to save the West must rise up and walk a difficult path, but a path that will inspire Western man and drag him back from the edge of defeat.</p>
		<p>Walking this path may not be easy, and the journey may be long. Along this road one may encounter hardship and one may be forced to make difficult decisions. There may even come a time where great personal sacrifices must be made. But if you were to sacrifice yourself for a cause, could you find a more noble cause than the protection of your own folk and family?</p>

</body>
</html>
