<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>8: The Breakdown – Bad Role Models</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">8</span><br/>THE BREAKDOWN – BAD ROLE MODELS</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The superego, the learned part of the psyche, is the morality and value system that keeps our animalistic pleasure principle in check. A developed superego is the part of the psyche that is good, moral and holds society together. It is made up of the conscience and the ideal self and allows us to reason on a higher and moralistic level.</p>
		<p>The superego is imparted to us primarily by our parents. The nuclear family was the cornerstone of Western civilisation and the mother and father passed down healthy morals, values and traditions to the young. Families were tight-knit units and the parents themselves were role models to their children and their children developed a sense of ideal self based upon how their parents behaved.</p>
		<p>The superego was then strengthened and reinforced by strong upstanding role models within the community. Teachers, community leaders, religious figures and other authority figures who imparted law and discipline all became role models for the next generation. They helped build a strong sense of conscience and all presented good ideals to which young people could aspire too.</p>
		<p>However as different tribes and communities came together to form nations, a third and final form of role model emerged – the national hero. National heroes were people held up by the nation as great inventors, explorers, sportsmen, captains of industry, artists, writers, poets, military heroes and other individuals whose actions and achievements were of such importance that they were credited with making advancements that benefited the entire nation.</p>
		<p>These national heroes represented the pinnacle of Western man's achievement; the best of what Western civilisation had to offer and were elevated as such for all to see. The nation's heroes became another group of role models that served to inspire the next generation and help them to develop into healthy young adults. These national heroes personified personal sacrifice, hard work and dedication to raising the standard of Western society. The national heroes were a perfect source of inspiration for children developing their own vision of an ideal self.</p>
		<p>Take for example a great military hero like Horatio Nelson – a man who was known for his inspirational leadership abilities, his dedication to his nation and his bravery under fire. Horatio Nelson was wounded several times in battle losing both an arm and the sight in one eye, yet despite suffering setbacks that would ground and demoralise any normal man, Nelson went on to achieve victory at the Battle of Trafalgar, the final and decisive battle of the Napoleonic naval conflicts. In this battle, Nelson gave his life for his nation and for victory.</p>
		<p>A role model like Horatio Nelson would be a powerful and worthy inspiration for a developing mind. He personified the ability to overcome hardship and ultimately to triumph in the face of adversity. Nelson showed that dedicating one's self to the good of one's nation and the survival of one's people, above the call of personal gain and personal gratification, was a noble and just endeavour. Finally, his ultimate sacrifice for the good of his nation and for victory showed a selfless man who was willing to give his all.</p>
		<p>All of the qualities embodied by Horatio Nelson would surely be a positive set of moral codes and values for a young person to embrace. They would ensure that the next generation would see that personal sacrifice for the good of the community is a noble cause and that there is more to life than simply seeking personal gain and personal pleasure. The young admirer of Horatio Nelson would understand that ultimately the best and most noble individuals are ones who act on moral grounds for the good of their people and often sacrifice personal gain and immediate pleasure for the continued survival of their people and betterment of their nation.</p>
		<p>National role models, whether they are military heroes like Nelson, sporting achievers, writers, explorers or inventors all sacrificed short-term pleasure to dedicate themselves to a single task that in the long term benefited the wider populace and pushed society forward as a whole and set an example to the nation.</p>
		<p>The national role models were all individuals with great talent, but were also characterised by having highly developed superegos which were witnessed through their dedication, hard work and selfless acts. Had any of these role models given into their id and sought selfish pleasure rather than remaining steadfast they would never have achieved the things that they did and would not have lived on in the hearts and minds of future generations.</p>
		<p>In the early days of Western civilisation national role models lived on long after their deaths as their names and achievements were passed down from generation to generation by word of mouth as communities gathered around the fire. The great deeds of the nation's heroes went on to be written down and immortalised. Songs were sung to commemorate their lives and the inspirational acts they had become renowned for. Their stories were passed down from generation to generation in this manner and they lived on in the hearts and minds of their people.</p>
		<p>These great individuals who achieved so much became the stuff of folklore and the tales of their exploits were woven into the very fabric of Western culture and heritage. This set an example to future generations and tied Western man to the history of his people and served to remind Western man of the achievements of his ancestors.</p>
		<p>As Western civilisation advanced, the young learned about national role models in schools and universities. Schools presented their students with the names and great deeds of the men and women who had shaped Western civilisation. These healthy national role models were held up so the next generation would not only give thanks to them for their sacrifices, but also so the next generation could aspire to be like them. These role models helped form the picture of an ideal self in the minds of Western youth.</p>
		<p>Imagine however if the healthy role models that inspired generation after generation, the very people Western man sang songs of and wrote books about, were slowly written out of history and the young no longer learned of their achievements. Imagine if the great men and women who moulded and shaped Western civilisation were actually forced from the collective consciousness of Western man by those with an anti-Western agenda. Imagine a world where men like Horatio Nelson, Robert Falcon Scott, William Shakespeare and Isaac Newton were forgotten.</p>
		<p>To forget one's national heroes, the very people whose outstanding contributions to the West shaped and moulded Western civilisation, would be a terrible crime. It would be a great sin as it would not only pay huge disservice to such great and outstanding individuals, but it would also alter history and the collective memory of how Western man had advanced so far. To write these people out of history would destroy part of the West's rich culture and heritage. Writing these individuals out of history would also rob future generations of a number of strong upstanding role models, men and women that should serve as an inspiration to build a youngster's sense of ideal self.</p>
		<p>But imagine further, if when the healthy and virtuous role models who emphasised everything good in society were written out of history, that they were to be replaced with negative role models. Imagine that the replacements for the great men and woman who shaped Western civilisation were defectives and degenerates – individuals whose message to the young was not one of personal sacrifice, morality and hard work, but a twisted and poisonous message of self-indulgence, hedonism and 'do what makes you feel good'.</p>
		<p>Sadly you don't have to imagine this scenario, as this is not some twisted nightmare based in an alternative universe or a nightmarish science fiction fantasy; it is the reality of the world in which Western man now lives.</p>
		<p>The nuclear family has been undermined. The very cornerstone of Western civilisation has been destroyed and made a mockery of. The two-parent family that has existed from the days when Western man lived on the edge of ice sheets and that grew out of evolutionary survival pressures and was subsequently strengthened and enshrined by religion and the state has been broken. As the family unit has declined, so have the order, discipline and morality that the family unit instilled into the next generation.</p>
		<p>Further to the loss of the nuclear family, the safeguards that society put in place for the young have been dismantled. The community leaders, the strong teachers and disciplinarian figures have all been removed and weakened to the point they are ineffectual.</p>
		<p>This has led to a situation in the West where the young have no order, lack moral values and desperately look for role models who they can emulate. But instead of being presented with healthy and virtuous role models, they are presented with bad role models, men and women who emphasise everything that is wrong with society and who push a warped valueless message of selfish hedonism designed at undermining Western society.</p>
		<p>One only has to look at the role models presented to young people today – the movie stars, the fictional characters on television and the big screen, the musical icons, the reality TV stars and the many other vacuous and morally devoid individuals who are held up by the media and establishment as 'heroes'. These 'heroes' are anything but real heroes; they are invariably individuals who embody almost everything that is degenerate, defective and damaging to society.</p>
		<p>Even the few remaining 'positive' role models that actually dedicate themselves to some form of genuine greatness such as sporting achievement are tainted with vanity, caught out using drugs, abusing alcohol and cheating on their partners. In essence they are reduced to tabloid fodder as their lives play out like soap operas showcasing their flaws and chronicling their fall from grace. Even those who appear to be virtuous eventually fall from grace, and that fall and their subsequent embrace of degeneracy is always emphasised as if that is a natural and inevitable part of life.</p>
		<p>This amounts to a highly effective attack on the Western superego as those in control of the media and the establishment push endless damaging role models and destructive messages upon a generation of youngsters in desperate need of guidance and moral fibre.</p>
		<p>The negative message is always the same – hedonism and pleasure come first. To return to the first chapter, we discussed the id, ego and superego and the role they played in the make-up of the psyche – it was said that:</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>The id is the impulsive part of our psyche and thus it is subconscious.</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>The id responds directly to instincts and thus unchecked it pushes the human mind toward rash and impulsive decisions in pursuit of immediate satisfaction.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">The negative messages pushed by these destructive role models and the negative examples these role models set are all the same – give in to your natural urges, make rash decisions, be impulsive and seek immediate satisfaction. The message is always to pursue short-term happiness and to never think of the consequences.</p>
		<p>Let us look at a few examples of the poisonous message pushed by these defective role models; the first example is a song by Lady Gaga called 'Just Dance'. Read the crazy lyrics below and take some time to think about the message they carry:</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>I've had a little bit too much, much</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>All of the people start to rush.</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Start to rush by.</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>A dizzy twister dance</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Can't find my drink or man.</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Where are my keys, I lost my phone.</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>What's going on on the floor?</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>I love this record baby, but I can't see straight anymore.</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Keep it cool what's the name of this club?</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>I can't remember but it's alright, I'm alright.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>[Chorus:]</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Just dance. Gonna be okay.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">The message is clear for all to see. The woman singing has had too much to drink; she is acting in an irresponsible manner and is heavily intoxicated to the point of being 'dizzy'. In her drunken state she realises she is so far gone she has lost her keys (presumably to her house or flat) and she has also lost her phone. Her state is now deteriorating further; she can't see straight and has even forgotten the name of the club she is in. This is a terrible state for any individual to be in and shows a complete loss of control over oneself, it is the ultimate triumph of the id over the superego.</p>
		<p>Yet what is the solution, what is the motto of this story – 'Just Dance. Gonna Be Okay'. That is the motto, the lesson learned. In this state of drunkenness where she has lost her keys, phone and doesn't know where she is, the only thing that matters is more hedonism and she 'just dances', because as long as she is enjoying herself it's 'gonna be okay'.</p>
		<p>Now the reality of the matter is that it probably isn't 'gonna be okay'. Despite the medical problems associated with getting that intoxicated, the woman has lost her keys and her phone and doesn't even know where she is. The financial cost of losing a phone and the potential costs of hiring a locksmith to get you back into your home in the early hours of the morning are not small. The developed human mind would now be in panic mode and realise that a large error of judgement had been made. What's more, for a female to be that intoxicated and then for her to be separated from her 'man' in an unknown place is not safe or wise.</p>
		<p>The strong superego is there to prevent an individual giving into to the animalistic and base desires of the id. The superego makes moral judgements that prevent us giving into the animalistic urges that reduce us to being lesser creatures. But here the imparted message to the impressionable youth is that despite everything being such a mess, one should only give in further to the id and pursue more pleasure and more gratification, after all if you 'just dance' it is 'gonna be OK'.</p>
		<p>What could be a more destructive message to impart to young people, a more degenerate and defective role model and a more twisted version of reality? Yet the person pushing this message is a global mega star and a role model to millions of young people – in fact she has sold over 170 million albums and singles. Is this a fitting replacement for Horatio Nelson? What do you think the difference would be between those brought up with Horatio Nelson as their hero and those brought up idolising Lady Gaga? How would their moral compasses differ?</p>
		<p>Take one more example of the destructive messages being pushed by the music industry and the twisted role models that influence the next generation of Western society. This gem is from Katy Perry and is taken from the song 'This is How We Do', another glorification of drinking and partying above all else;</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>This one goes out to the ladies, at breakfast, in last night's dress</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Uh-huh, I see you</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Yo, this goes out to all you kids that still have their cars at the club valet and it's Tuesday</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Yo, shout out to all you kids, buying bottle service, with your rent money</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Respect</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">This is an example of a role model giving direct encouragement and praise to her followers for acting irresponsibly in the pursuit of pleasure. She acknowledges the 'ladies' at breakfast in last night's dress, and what a fine example for young people – to stay out all night partying and living large. She then goes on to mention the 'kids' who have abandoned their cars at the club valet despite it now being Tuesday – presumably the weekend has long gone but the individuals are so intoxicated they have either forgotten where their car is or are unable to collect it. Finally she gives a 'shout out' to the kids buying alcohol with their rent money. She tops this off by giving these wayward youths her 'respect'.</p>
		<p>Now imagine a national hero of old stopping by at a school or youth organisation and praising the youngsters for doing something good – for carrying out charity work, or creating something of beauty or possibly working hard to achieve something in the field of sport. Positive reinforcement and acknowledgement by role models cements in the young person's mind that what they are doing is good. A fine of example of this is when awards are given at scouting events for the groups that have raised the most money for a charity.</p>
		<p>Drinking until the early hours of the morning is not good, especially not for young women. Forgetting where your car is parked or being so intoxicated that three days later you can't collect that car is not good. Spending your rent money on partying, essentially getting yourself in the situation where you could lose your home is utterly irresponsible and stupid and is the perfect example of how the id can triumph for immediate pleasure without any view to the future. Yet Katy Perry, an 'artist', who has sold over 100 million albums and singles and who is a hero and role model to millions, is giving her 'respect' to the young people acting in this manner. Katy Perry, like one of thousands of these negative role models, is giving positive reinforcement to negative actions.</p>
		<p>These are just two examples, but there are countless others out there and listing them all would be pointless and exhausting. But the pattern is clear; modern role models for the next generation of Western society are giving the opposite message to the ones given by traditional role models.</p>
		<p>Order, discipline, morality and values are scorned in favour of hedonism, pleasure and instant gratification despite what the future consequences may be. Remember, it is more important to pay table service and get drunk than it is to pay your rent, or should that be the other way around?</p>
		<p>Instead of the national role models that the young look up to giving out advice and lessons on morality that strengthen the superego and help keep the id in check, role models now do the opposite, urging the young to give in to their base and selfish desires.</p>
		<p>The lost youth from broken families, who lack strong role models in their communities, desperately seek to develop their ideal self, and the ideal self they develop is not ideal at all. The ideal self that is imparted by the destructive role models is literally the opposite of the ideal self that was central to building Western civilisation. It is a twisted vision of the ideal self, and is anything but 'ideal'. It is selfish, greedy, lazy, hedonistic, short term in its outlook and the very opposite of the ideal self that is conducive to a well running and cohesive community.</p>
		<p>The key to Western civilisation is a cohesive community and a strong society. A strong superego and developed moral values build a society where people come together for the common good. Positive role models reinforce the idea that the individual should strive to do well for their community and put that community above their own selfish and hedonistic needs.</p>
		<p>Earlier it was discussed what would happen if the bees in a hive all decided to go out and have fun and seek personal gain rather than pulling together and doing what was good for the colony and the hive. Now Western youth are taught exactly that – live for yourself and your own immediate pleasures – and this is exactly what they do. So is it any wonder that Western civilisation is tearing itself apart and losing its homogeny when the next generation is actively adopting a selfish lifestyle that is not conducive to community, positive traditions or upstanding values?</p>
		<p>The national role models of old were virtuous individuals who helped move civilisation forward and emphasised that doing good for one's people was the correct path in life. Today's role models more often than not do the very opposite. They are vacuous and empty and push a rotten message. They are role models who cheat on their partners, abuse substances, abandon their families and stand for nothing but the pursuit of wanton hedonism.</p>
		<p>Western civilisation now has a generation of young people who are literally regressing thanks to their lack of a developed superego. All the safeguards placed within society are being slowly attacked or have been removed; parents are no longer a partnership and discipline in the home is often non-existent and these lost youths turn to the modern-day pied pipers who lead them down the path of destruction.</p>
		<p>But it is not just Western youth who will be destroyed due to this madness; it is Western Civilisation that will crumble as a result. What took millennia to build and shape will be broken apart in mere decades. Traditions and cultures that were passed down from generation to generation and have evolved and existed for thousands of years will be forgotten and lost. The rich Western heritage, history and Western way of life will all be washed away within a century of madness.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West understand that Western strength and Western culture lies in the ties that bind Western man to his past and his historic achievements. They also understand that the future of the West lies in Western youth – and by separating the two they know it spells disaster for the West.</p>
		<p>Western man discovered and colonised the world, then went on to reach for the stars, yet the enemies of the West are intent on sending Western man crawling back to the primitive call of the id. Instant unevolved animalistic pleasure is now the order of the day as the enemies of the West seek to undermine and destroy everything that once imparted the Western superego to the next generation.</p>

</body>
</html>
