<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>7: The Breakdown – The Removal of Society's Safeguards</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">7</span><br/>THE BREAKDOWN – THE REMOVAL OF SOCIETY'S SAFEGUARDS</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The nuclear family is the cornerstone of Western society. It
developed as a necessity, as an evolutionary advantage to ensure the
survival of the next generation of Western man. The loving mother
and strong father formed a lasting bond and were able to pass down
not only their DNA but also their shared morality to the next
generation in the form of the superego. Children were brought up
with a sense of ideal self that centred on emulating their parents and
forming a similar family when they matured.</p>
<p>But Western society is much more than just a loose
collection of individual family units. Whilst it is true that the nuclear
family is the single most important aspect of Western society,
society itself also plays an important role in shaping the
development of the young. Many individual nuclear families make
up a society, and in that society there are other role models, teachers
and disciplinarians that impart rules, moral guidance and tradition
to the next generation.</p>
<p>This has been true of Western society even back in its infancy
when Western man struggled in the frozen wastes of Northern
Europe. Even in those harsh times, many families came together
and formed tribes. In those tribes leaders emerged – men who were
the strongest, the wisest, the best at hunting, the fastest and the best
at creating tools and so on. Those individuals shaped the tribe and
became another set of role models who would help children develop
their ideal self outside of the parental structure and would impart
new skills, traditions and values upon them.</p>
<p>These role models within society also acted as a
safeguard. As stated earlier no society is perfect; there are
always defective individuals – people who will put their own
individual pleasures above that of the good of the group or even
above the good of their own family and offspring. These
individuals live for their id as they have a weakened or wholly
defective superego. So as tribes formed, a safety net was put in
place to ensure that no member of the next generation would fall
through any cracks that may emerge.</p>
<p>If a family unit broke down and a mother was left alone –
whether that be through a defective individual with a lack of
conscience abandoning her, or through tragedy as her partner died,
her children would not be left without a strong male role model as
these role models were also present within society.</p>
<p>Equally, females developed their own structure within the
tribe and women were admired for their beauty, motherly attributes
and their skill at bringing up children and keeping an orderly home.
These women took up a matriarchal role which moulded future
generations of young women into ideal mothers through developing
a positive female vision of the ideal self.</p>
<p>If, for one reason or another, a child was left without a
mother, women within the tribe would take on the role of that
child's mother. This meant that no child would go without a positive
role model and that positive role models within the home were
reinforced by positive role models within society.</p>
<p>At the dawn of Western civilisation, these role models
would have taken more primitive roles. The young males outside
of the home would have looked up to the leader of the hunting
party or the male who taught them how to build and use tools. The
women would gather with young girls and taught homemaking
skills such as the making of clothes and how to tend to infants.
This further reinforced what was learned in the home and
impressed on the young that listening to their elders and
emulating those elders was important.</p>
<p>All of these factors brought the tribe together and built a
strong superego in future generations. The sense of collective
conscience grew as the importance of the tribe grew – it was a shared
sense of morality and survival meant looking after one another.
Those who did not pull their weight became outcasts and were
shunned. Hence a sense of guilt was formed; this guilt punished the
id if the individual thought of pursuing selfish pleasure above the
good of the group.</p>
<p>Equally, the other constituent part of the superego, the ideal
self, was also moulded into shape. Through strong two-parent
families, fatherly discipline and role models and teachers within the
community, children would look up to healthy, loving and strong
individuals who all were placed in high regard due to their skills and
commitment to the tribe. The Western sense of ideal self started to
take shape in the image of an individual who pushed for the good of
society and was selfless, strong and moralistic.</p>
<p>As Western civilisation began to grow so did the shared values
within society and the birth of the Western superego was witnessed.
Skip forward to the height of Western civilisation and the
safeguards in society were made even stronger. As time advanced,
layer upon layer of role models, safeguards and fail-safes were put in
place to mould and shape future generations and pass down
traditions, values and Western morality.</p>
<p>Through a mixture of schooling, religion, law, the
workplace, community groups and strong community leaders,
young people had positive role models wherever they turned.
Society was geared toward the rearing of the young in such a way
that the next generation were intended to be better than the last and
move society ever forward – embodying the spirit and heritage of the
past with a view to an even brighter future.</p>
<p>Now imagine a society where those safeguards are broken
down and dismantled, a society where instead of common bonds
that tie different family units together into a cohesive society, those
common bonds are eroded. Where generation after generation does
not have the tribal leaders and role models, but instead the young are
left to listlessly go their own way and develop by themselves.
Imagine a society where healthy role models, pastimes and
community groups are scorned and mocked and the strong, ordered
and dignified industries have closed leaving future generations with
little or no purpose.</p>
<p>The Western school system was one of the first and most
important safeguards in society. Basic schooling and teaching has
been with us since the days of the cavemen – when parents taught
their children survival skills and the early tribes had their elders,
master craftsmen and most skilled hunters pass their knowledge
onto the rest of the tribe.</p>
<p>These teachers not only passed on skills, but became role
models and authority figures to the young. The young looked up to
them and wished to emulate them and learn from them in their quest
for their ideal self. This evolved over thousands of years into a
school system – a place where every child had a right to a standard
of education, a place where basic numeracy, literacy and other
important skills were taught to all in order to raise the quality of life
in society as a whole.</p>
<p>A perfect society was described as a pyramid; a place where
those at the top pulled up those at the bottom, as those at the bottom
simultaneously pushed up those at the top – in essence a society
where everyone sought to ensure that the overall standard of living
in that society increased for everyone. Nowhere was that more
prevalent than in the early education system.</p>
<p>Schools did not just teach children, schools provided
children with discipline, order and role models. Schools were a
place where children could learn and further understand the
structures of life – but importantly a place where, if discipline was
lacking in the home, children could further develop their superego
under the supervision of their teachers. School was one of the most
important safeguards in society.</p>
<p>At the height of Western civilisation, schools were a place
where children learned, a place where children looked up to their
teachers and a place where children understood discipline and
order. That has now been turned on its head. Robbed of their power,
mocked in the mainstream media and with discipline and order
removed from them, schools have become a place where children
pick up bad habits and learn to scorn Western culture and hate their
own ancestors.</p>
<p>Teachers are no longer seen as role models or authority figures – as they have no power and are afforded little respect. At one time a truant child, who ran away from school to pursue a pleasurable day of play, would soon learn from both teachers and parents just why following the path of the id was not acceptable. Swift discipline would have been meted out. But now truancy, disorder in the classroom and even teachers being attacked and belittled by their students is the order of the day.</p>
<p>Rather than a place of learning where the superego is
reinforced, the school has become a place where fewer and fewer
safeguards lie in place and more and more youngsters drift off into
the pursuit of pleasure, giving into their id without a thought for the
consequences. This of course stunts the growth of a child's superego
leaving the child without a conscience or a sense of ideal self.</p>
<p>Religion was another substantial safeguard in society. Every
Sunday families went to church as a group. The church was a place
that was important not just for imparting moral values and
traditions, but as a place that brought entire communities together as
a group and reinforced the tribal nature of Western society.</p>
<p>The religious leader of the group also became another one of
society's role models. The religious leader dispensed moral and
spiritual advice and the young listened to his sermons and learned
important lessons. As spiritual leaders, those in the clergy
emphasised the importance of family, the importance of the
married couple and the importance of a community where
individuals could trust in one another and depend on one another in
difficult times. Just as the school presented discipline and
intellectual teachings to the children, the church presented
discipline and spiritual teachings.</p>
<p>Again the sense of ideal self and group conscience was
reinforced. The repeated message was that the family, marriage and
community were fundamental to any well-running and well-
meaning society. Moral laws were passed down – do not steal, do
not covet thy neighbour's possessions, do not covet thy neighbour's
wife, along with many other teachings that kept people on the
correct moral path. The church also presided over marriage and
frowned heavily on divorce in a concerted effort to keep families
together.</p>
<p>The church was another institution that emphasised the
development of the superego and scorned the idea of immediate
and hedonistic pleasure.</p>
<p>Today the church is a shadow of its former self. Many
churches lay empty and abandoned and the churches that do
remain open see religious leaders preaching to an ever decreasing
flock. Just as the school system has embraced a lack of discipline
and the teachers have lost their authority, so have the religious
institutions fallen from grace. Churches have liberalised their
message and religious leaders have become a mockery of what
they once were.</p>
<p>The church has not only dwindled in terms of the size of its
congregation, but it has become defective and riddled with the same
liberal poison it once preached against. It is no coincidence either
that the further the church has strayed from its own moral teachings
the more people have turned away from the church. The church no
longer presents a strong and healthy moral voice that people can
turn to in times of need. Instead the church is weak as it has chosen
to embrace the poisonous mantra of those who wish to see the West
crumble.</p>
<p>Most churches are now frequented by older generations,
people who still go out of duty and because of what the church once
was. The younger generations are totally absent – in effect another
place where the young would develop their ideal self and a
community conscience is now distant to them.</p>
<p>Western civilisation also had strong and moralistic laws and
those who upheld the law were seen as beacons of the community and
were trusted by all. The police were once seen as role models, people
one could trust and people one could turn to. The local officers were
respected and formed another important stratum of discipline and
order within society that young people could learn from.</p>
<p>The traditional role of the police officer was as a protector of
the community. As stated, no society is perfect and even at the height
of Western civilisation there were still defective individuals and
criminal elements – but by and large due to the developed superego
and social conscience and strong community bonds people were
free of crime and looked after one another.</p>
<p>Times were once so peaceful and crime free that people
didn't lock their doors as they didn't fear burglars or thieves. The
sense of community instilled in people was generally so strong that
the community conscience present in society prevented people from
harming their neighbour and the sense of ideal self people
developed would have been far from the image of a common thief.</p>
<p>It followed that police officers were a presence that often
dispensed advice and simply kept a watchful eye over communities.
If the young strayed in minor ways they would simply be given a
harsh talking to and returned to their parents, who naturally would
be ashamed and discipline them further. Thus the lawman was seen
as an upstanding individual – one that was held in high regard and
would have contributed further to a youngster's vision of an ideal
self. The law was something that people adhered to, and those who
upheld that law were respected and looked up to.</p>
<p>Almost the opposite is true now. There is huge distrust and
division between the police and communities and as such the law
and those upholding it are no longer held in the high regard they
once were. Police no longer represent a friendly face that everyone in
the community knows, and people certainly aren't eager to leave
their doors unlocked anymore.</p>
<p>The police no longer seem to have powers to deal with
criminal elements, but have plenty of time to chase parking fines and
harass those who speak out against the liberal political narrative.
The police have become disliked and as such the law and those who
uphold it are no longer the role models they once were. But that in
itself presents a problem – if the young are presented with an officer
of the law that is distrusted and disliked, his word and the discipline
it carries is no longer effective and no longer seen as just. Another
layer of order within society is broken.</p>
<p>A developed superego looks up to and admires discipline
and seeks to emulate it. A developed superego creates a vision of an
ideal self, which is a perfect vision of what one should strive to be.
Police officers were once role models within the community; police
officers added to and strengthened the ideal self and the conscience
of society, now they do the opposite. Another healthy role model is
distrusted and brushed to one side.</p>
<p>Outside of the classroom and the church children were also
presented with numerous other healthy role models as they took
part in healthy and fulfilling past times. The scouting movement, the
girl guides, the sea cadets, young farmers and other clubs and groups
presented young people with upstanding members of the
community who freely gave their time and energy for the good of
society rather than for personal gain.</p>
<p>These groups helped children further develop their superego
and helped transform them into upstanding members of society.
The virtues instilled in scouts are a fine example of how children's
pastimes helped them develop into upstanding adults; the scout law
is as follows:</p>

<p class="noindent top"><b><i>A Scout is to be trusted.</i></b></p>
<p class="noindent"><b><i>A Scout is loyal.</i></b></p>
<p class="noindent"><b><i>A Scout is friendly and considerate.</i></b></p>
<p class="noindent"><b><i>A Scout belongs to the worldwide family of Scouts.</i></b></p>
<p class="noindent"><b><i>A Scout has courage in all difficulties.</i></b></p>
<p class="noindent"><b><i>A Scout makes good use of time and is careful of possessions and property.</i></b></p>
<p class="noindent"><b><i>A Scout has self-respect and respect for others.</i></b></p>

<p class="noindent top">What could be a better set of morals and rules for a child? The
scout's law is just an example of how groups within the community
would instil values and morals into young people that would
strengthen and bolster what they learned from their parents and
from role models in other institutions.</p>
<p>The other important characteristic of groups like the scouts,
girl guides and sea cadets is their activities often encouraged young
people to be both physically and mentally healthy and connect with
nature. These groups promote weekends camping, outdoor
activities, survival skills, cooking, hunting, hiking and general
fitness and well-being – all of which are crucially important to the
development of young people.</p>
<p>These groups also promote charity, fundraising and
helping the community. They teach the next generation that
community and social cohesion matters. They teach youngsters
that selfless acts for the good of the community can earn the
individual respect within that community and that respect can
give the individual an inner feeling of self-worth far greater than
the self-worth gained by an act of immediate selfish
gratification. By teaching youngsters these important lessons
these groups help strengthen the superego, build a sense of
community and keep the id in check.</p>
<p>Sadly groups like the scouts are in rapid decline. Western
youngsters are no longer presented with these healthy pastimes
by society and instead choose to sit inside playing computer
games and watching television. The young sit indoors having
their minds poisoned, as instead of being presented with healthy
role models like the men and women who lead the scouting
movement, they are presented with the twisted role models that
the media promote.</p>
<p>Yet again we see that another important group of Western
institutions that help impart morality, values and traditions upon
young people are in decline. But worse still, these institutions are
mocked – they are made out to be 'sad' or 'square' and those who
attend these groups are mocked and ridiculed, and often the media
represents those who are members of such groups as 'boring' or 'odd'
or 'old-fashioned'.</p>
<p>Instead of spending their evenings and weekends working as
a group, learning important skills, carrying out charity work and
connecting with nature – all things that create a well-rounded
person and develop the superego – children are left to their own
devices. Instead of pursuing gainful activities and looking up to
upstanding community leaders, children spend their time in pursuit
of selfish pleasure and individualism. This is something that if not
inhibited, will result in an adult who will not ably fit into a
community nor even want to be part of one.</p>
<p>It is not enough that there has been a concerted effort to
undermine the family unit and that there has been a rise in single
parent families. This in itself has undoubtedly had a huge effect on
Western civilisation, after all the nuclear family was once the
cornerstone of Western society. The decline of the nuclear family
and the resulting lack of parental control and fatherly discipline,
order and morality in the home have led to the decline of the
developed superego in the next generation.</p>
<p>But on top of this, the safeguards that have been put in place
within Western society in order to strengthen morality and
community cohesion have also been removed. The very fail-safes
and structures put in place that would aid in the development of a
well-rounded and balanced young person have been smashed apart
and are now ineffective, distrusted and even mocked by the young
people they are meant to inspire.</p>
<p>The safeguards that would once catch the odd wayward
child or youngster that came from a broken or dysfunctional home
are now all but gone – and at a time when there are more fatherless
children, broken homes and wayward children than ever before!</p>
<p>Now imagine a situation where young people who do not
have a father figure and also lack positive role models in their
communities are searching for someone to look up to and
someone to emulate. Young people need role models, role models
they can emulate and role models who help them develop their
sense of ideal self.</p>
<p>Imagine Western society devoid of loving families, strong
fathers and community leaders. Then imagine what would happen
if the enemies of the West were to present the lost and confused
Western youngsters with the worst possible role models – role
models who would attempt to impart a warped and defective
superego upon those youngsters. So that instead of pursuing a life of
family, order, hard work and selfless dedication to their community
the future generations of Western man instead pursued a path of
individualistic hedonism and degenerate madness.</p>
<p>Without the family and without the safeguards in the wider
community, the young would be easy targets for the enemies of the
West. As the pied piper did with the youths of Hamelin, the enemies
of the West could easily lead Western youth astray down a path of
moral destruction and degeneracy. Then in a few short generations
everything that Western civilisation has built and everything it once
stood for would begin to crumble.</p>

</body>
</html>
