<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>3: The Perfect Society</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">3</span><br/>THE PERFECT SOCIETY</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The perfect society can be defined as a homogenous group of people who come together with shared morals, shared values and wish to move forward as one, working together for the good of the community whilst not forgetting the rights and importance of the individual. This community cohesion relies on a shared sense of consciousness held by the people who make up that society.</p>
		<p>As discussed earlier, the id is the pleasure principle. It pushes people to pursue selfish, individualistic and hedonistic goals. A developed superego keeps the id in check; the superego is the morality, and when a group of people share the same morals and code of ethics they will be more readily able to form a society.</p>
		<p>When individuals in a society adopt moral and ethical codes that are similar, it ensures that said society is more likely to succeed as the individuals in that society are more likely to move in unison to achieve goals together and to advance society for the greater good. The shared moral codes and traditions that have been passed down by generation after generation of Western man have given rise to a shared form of consciousness known as the Western superego.</p>
		<p>Conversely, a society made up of lots of different groups and individuals who are solely focused on the selfish pursuits of individualistic happiness and hedonism is destined to crumble. If a society had no shared consciousness it would cease to be cohesive and would no longer work as a well-functioning group.</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>To draw a simple analogy – imagine two groups of people each set a simple task, to pull a large stone to a destination.</i></b></p>
		<p><b><i>The first group has a shared set of beliefs and a common goal. They are bonded together as a group and care for each other. They view the importance of the group and the task at hand at a higher level than they view their own individual goals. These people are all pulling in the same direction, assisting one another and taking up the slack when necessary. Despite the task at hand being overwhelming, they will achieve their goal through their dedication to both the task and to the group.</i></b></p>
		<p><b><i>The second group is just a loose collection of individuals. They are governed by self, by their own individual desires and all put their own self-worth above the notion of any group. They all believe the stone should go in different directions and no one sees any reason why they should strive to pull harder than the next person in the group or ever take up the slack. These people argue, they pull in different directions and their selfish and individualistic nature causes them to put less effort in than the next person in an attempt to ensure a lesser share of the work.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">This is of course a very simple analogy and one painted with broad brushstrokes, but it illustrates a point – societies with common goals function far more effectively. Homogenous societies where everyone has common bonds, a shared belief system, shared goals and most importantly a common set of morals and guiding beliefs – or a shared and developed superego – work more efficiently. Homogenous societies with a shared and developed superego move forward as one, down a singular path with a clear and defined goal.</p>
		<p>This is not only seen in humans, but also in the animal kingdom where the most successful communities are organised in colonies. These colonies are homogenous and pull together; the colonies are organised to work as one and put the good of the colony above all else. The inhabitants of these colonies do not jostle for position but work together; they pull in the same direction for the greater good.</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>Take a look at a colony of bees. The beehive is a highly organised structure. The queen, the drones and the workers all have distinct roles. But they all work toward one common goal – the good of the hive. The workers carry out separate duties – cleaning the hive and the comb, feeding the brood, caring for the queen, making orientation flights, building the comb, ventilating the hive, collecting pollen and guarding the hive. However the bees go about their duties with the common goal of the protection and improvement of the hive. The bees that are charged with collecting pollen do not one day decide to strike and demand to go on guard duty. The bees making orientation flights do not decide to just fly off for their own pleasure and pursue a lazy day in the sun. The highly organised and successful colony does not think of the individual – it is the colony that matters. It is this way because the individual cannot exist without the colony; the colony and its continued survival grants the individual shelter, protection, food and ultimately life.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">The closer a group of people are to one another in terms of shared beliefs, moral values and traditions, the more they will work in unison for the common good and for common goals.</p>
		<p>When one looks at societies throughout history that have gone on to be great nations, societies that grew and developed and went on to change the world, those societies have always been held together by common bonds and have moved in unison and worked like a natural colony. Whether one looks at ancient Rome, the Japanese Empire or the British Empire, when the people of these nations worked together as one cohesive group, they reached for the skies and changed the world leaving behind legacies that are still marvelled at today.</p>
		<p>Hierarchies will always exist in these great civilisations – but the important factor for success is that those at the top are moving in the same direction as those at the bottom and both wish to advance society for the good of the group. Those at the top develop, invent, inspire and lead. Those at the bottom work, go to battle and build. But the pyramid, the simplest form of any hierarchy, moves as one in the desired direction.</p>
		<p>The inventions, the strategies, the leadership skills, the art, the poetry and the industrial organisation of those at the top of society enable those at the bottom to be more effective, to be inspired and work more efficiently. Equally the hard work, the dedication, the commitment and the zeal of those lower down in the hierarchy is the motor that keeps the colony moving forward – and the happier and more fulfilled those at the bottom are, the quicker the motor will turn.</p>
		<p>Equality is not the basis of a smooth-running and well-functioning society. In any successful society there is always a division of labour and the existence of structural hierarchies, just as there is in the natural world. However in a good and strong society, those at the top and those at the bottom have equal respect for each other and realise that they both depend on each other – so they move in unison as a well-oiled machine.</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>In a colony of bees, the worker, the drone and the queen are not equal. They are different and all have their own role to play in the colony. However their roles are all important and they work together to achieve those goals with one overriding thought pattern – the good of the colony.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">In human terms and in relation to the superego, those in the hierarchy who abuse those beneath them are defectives as they have not learned a social conscience. Equally, those in the hierarchy who wish for an easy life and don't want to put any effort in and don't want to do their duty are equally defective, as they have not developed an ideal self and are not striving to better themselves.</p>
		<p>The superego is of course made up of two different aspects – the conscience and the ideal self. They work to ensure that each individual pursues a path of self improvement in order to be the best they can, but also to have a social conscience and feel guilt when they break the moral code of the society in which they live. What is more, the shared consciousness present in society ensures that those within society think as one and the individuals who make up society all act for the good of the whole before they act for the good of themselves.</p>
		<p>Bearing this in mind, it is quite clear that when society breaks down due to greed, selfishness, a lack of morality, laziness and the drive for individual gain – all of which are pursued at the expense of the wider good – it is due to a defective superego in the individual and a breakdown of the wider community consciousness.</p>
		<p>The individuals who are failing the group are giving in to their id; they are putting their own pleasure principle above the wider societal morals and good of the group, which means ultimately that they have a weak superego. As individuals pursue their own agendas this of course represents a weakening of the societal superego as those who make up that society no longer share the same values.</p>
		<p>A developed superego causes the individual to think of the group before the individual thinks of itself. This selfless outlook is a rejection of both capitalism and of communism.</p>
		<p>A developed superego rejects capitalism on the grounds that in capitalism all that matters is wealth and the generation of that wealth. Capitalism is an economic system in which money and material gain is put above the good of the people. Individuals seek to maximise profit in a capitalist model – even if that means acting in an immoral way. In capitalism ultimately the worker becomes a slave and is worked as hard as possible for as little as possible for the short-term financial gain of the individual that sits above the worker in the hierarchy. The good of the worker is rarely considered, just the profitability of the company – the worker is seen as just a disposable resource.</p>
		<p>Capitalism is a product of the failed superego based on a lack of conscience. It allows the greedy to absolve their guilt and give into their id to pursue profit and pleasure at the expense of others.</p>
		<p>Equally, a developed superego rejects communism. Communism views all as equal, but equality exists nowhere in the natural world and is simply an unnatural human construct. By making everyone equal, it means reducing everyone to the level of the lowest common denominator. The removal of anyone in the hierarchy who is above the lowest level only leads to a society without direction that eventually stagnates. Communism denies that one man may have a different role in the hierarchy to another and that any man may be above another.</p>
		<p>Communism is a product of the failed superego based on jealousy and the lack of ideal self. It plays on the minds of the jealous who, instead of striving for the ideal self and wishing to improve themselves, wish to pull down others in order to make themselves feel better.</p>
		<p>Both capitalism and communism amount to nothing more than economic systems that the enemies of the West promote in order to enslave and corrupt Western man – one promotes materialism, the other promotes false equality. The worst characteristic of the capitalism vs communism argument is that it is presented as a straightforward choice between two absolutes leaving the individual forced into choosing between the lesser of two evils. However that choice is an illusion as there is a third way – productive enterprise.</p>
		<p>The developed superego rejects both capitalism and communism and seeks productive enterprise. The developed superego seeks a hierarchy where those at the top have a social conscience and those at the bottom wish to rise and to achieve an ideal self and move up in the hierarchy. Productive enterprise rewards those at every level of the hierarchy and allows people to rise and fall through the ranks of the pyramid based on ability and effort. Productive enterprise thinks of the good of the group, not the good of the individual – but by putting the group first every individual ultimately benefits.</p>
		<p>In productive enterprise those at the top are kept in check by social conscience and they aim to improve conditions for those at the bottom. Those at the bottom pursue their ideal self and wish to rise up the pyramid and because of this strive and work hard. In effect, those at the bottom push up those at the top, whilst those at the top simultaneously pull up those at the bottom. The pyramid rises and everyone benefits, everyone has their place and everyone thinks of the good of the group above their own personal interests. By this action, society advances and no one is left behind.</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>As in a colony of bees, despite the job specification or the level of the hierarchy the individual is at, all do their best. When all in the colony move in the same direction and individuals choose to dedicate their all, the bees move forward as one and advance the colony. There is no jealousy, no resentment and equally there is no abuse of position at the top nor laziness and greed from those at the bottom. The queen depends on the worker just as the worker depends on the queen.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">A perfect society is one based on shared moral values. It is like a colony where those at every level work for the good of each other and the advancement of society as a whole – not selfish individuality and greed. A perfect society is a homogenous society – a place where the members of that society have common bonds, traditions and a shared heritage. A perfect society is one where the individuals that make up that society have all come from a similar place and move as a cohesive group toward the same destination.</p>
		<p>In a perfect society the people look alike, think alike and act in unison, constantly moving forward and advancing as one. It is almost as if a perfect society is in itself an organism – an observation that fits perfectly with the idea of collective consciousness and a society wide superego. As such, a perfect society holds respect for its past, its culture and its traditions and builds a rich heritage passed on from generation to generation. This heritage is what bonds generations together.</p>
		<p>A perfect society moves forward as a hierarchy, where those at the top and the bottom have a strong bond and mutual respect and care for one another. This is productive enterprise. In a perfect society individuals come together and as a result the group that is formed becomes more than the sum of its parts. This in turn allows great feats to be achieved that could not be accomplished by individuals working alone.</p>
		<p>Perfect societies build mighty civilisations. Disparate groups of individuals achieve very little of lasting worth. The perfect society is a product of a strong community consciousness. The Western superego is the perfect example of that strong community consciousness and its achievements are plain for all to see.</p>

</body>
</html>
