<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>14: The Loss of the Western Mind</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">14</span><br/>THE LOSS OF THE WESTERN MIND</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The enemies of the West have sought to undermine Western civilisation by attacking its very foundations. The same devious individuals have also worked to undermine the structures and safeguards that have been erected in order to protect and strengthen Western society. The aim of this wicked scheme is to destroy the Western superego – Western man's highly developed shared mental consciousness.</p>
		<p>By breaking the Western superego the enemies of the West seek to erase Western culture and the traditions and moral values that have been passed down from generation to generation within Western society. Once the culture that binds Western man together as a group and allows those within Western society to relate to one another is dead, Western civilisation shall not long follow it and Western man will face extinction.</p>
		<p>Western man faces losing his mind, body, soul and his once mighty Western heart. Each of these four components is an important part of what made Western man the indomitable titan he once was. In order to break the four components that made Western man such a titan, the enemies of the West had to devise a way of twisting Western man's mind in order to make Western man susceptible to ideas that would otherwise seem insane.</p>
		<p>To convince a people to abandon their partners and families, to convince a people to abandon their communities and culture and to convince females to rebel against their male counterparts would undermine any society. Ultimately these attacks on the West are an attempt to break the Western superego, but such a group of concerted attacks had to be carefully planned and carefully executed. Crucially these attacks had to begin somewhere – but where?</p>
		<p>The attack on Western society began with the attack on the Western mind. The first logical place to strike is the psyche, as once the mind is reduced in its capacity to reason and the hardened mental fortitude of a people is turned to jelly, those people can be convinced of anything. Enslaving people and manipulating them by force whilst keeping them in chains is difficult and requires huge amounts of manpower and resources. To enslave Western man by subjugating him physically and putting him in chains would be unthinkable.</p>
		<p>Western man could not have been tamed or defeated by any other race or culture on the planet in a conventional and physical sense. But imagine a situation where the mind of Western man was slowly broken down over time and the chains placed upon him were not physical but mental – where the cage that held him was not one made of iron or steel but was an invisible and intangible form of mental bondage that controlled his mind.</p>
		<p>What could be a more ideal form of slavery than one that does not require chains, guards and constant supervision, but instead the slave is kept in place by his own subservient mental state? But what would make this devious trick even more impressive is if the slave didn't even realise he was a slave and instead thought himself to be free. For a man to believe he was free when in fact he was actually enslaved would be the greatest trick ever pulled. The most powerful cage that can be placed around a man is the illusion that he is in fact free – for when a man believes he is free he would never seek to escape his cage or rebel against his captor.</p>
		<p>What's more, once the mind is enslaved and has a reduced capacity for reason, then thoughts, ideas and notions can easily be implanted in the mind regardless of their merit. Once the mind has been lost the other constituent parts of Western man – the body, soul and heart – could be attacked with ease by means of simply implanting further negative thoughts in the enslaved and impressionable mind.</p>
		<p>Western man did not lose his mind overnight; he wasn't subdued in days, weeks or even years. It took decades of careful manipulation and brainwashing for him to be subdued to the degree he is today. At first Western man's mind was not bombarded with damaging material – at first Western man was drip-fed mental poison and over time those drips became a flow and in greater time that flow became a torrent. The poison fed to Western man was a highly toxic message of false moral values fed to him by the mass media. Over decades the enemies of the West who control the media have manipulated everything Western man has seen, read and heard. The brainwashing process has been slow, but it has been stunningly effective.</p>
		<p>The brainwashing Western man underwent was not administered in an overt way. People were not dragged out of their homes at night and forced into gulags where they were subjected to mental torture against their will. Western man was not chained to walls or tied to tables screaming in agony as his captors beat new ideas into him. Western man was brainwashed in the comfort of his own home, in fact he chose to turn on the device that imparted that brainwashing and he willingly gathered around it with his wife and family. Western man was not coerced; he was not bullied or beaten, and he went willingly to the re-education classes.</p>
		<p>The mass media is firmly in the grasp of the enemies of the West. The film industry, the music industry, the broadcasting media and the press are all under the control of those who wish to see the West fall. These different arms of the media use their respective channels to poison the minds of the Western populace and constantly pump out a torrent of damaging material intent on poisoning the Western mind.</p>
		<p>This is not a new phenomenon; it has not been something that has come about over the last five or ten years, but is a long-standing and developed attack that has been taking place for decades. What's more, this attack has accelerated as the media's power has increased due to technological advancements and the increasingly connected nature of the world.</p>
		<p>The very earliest hit films that were churned out by the devious minds in Hollywood pushed a destructive agenda. First let us go back to 1955 and examine an early film that turned the head of Western man and introduced a rebellious role model to the mind of Western youth with the express intention of fostering a division between father and son and creating a generation gap. This film was <i>Rebel Without a Cause</i>.</p>
		<p>The film portrayed a troubled young teenager who couldn't relate to his father and mother and didn't want to follow in their footsteps – instead he chose to rebel against society, society's authority figures and the established way of life. Yet crucially, the rebel was the one without a cause; the rebel didn't fight for noble or worthy reasons, it was simply rebellion for the sake of it. The rebel was not fighting against tyranny or an oppressive and cruel master – but was fighting against a just, fair and decent vision of society.</p>
		<p>The film was set in an era when a strong and cohesive community, a stable two-parent home and a smooth running society were still more or less the norm. <i>Rebel Without a Cause</i> went against all these healthy Western pillars of strength with the portrayal of its main character (the titular rebel), Jim Stark, being an underage drunk who was disrespectful to authority figures and his parents. Jim Stark smoked cigarettes, raced cars, got into knife fights, and would storm out of his parent's house whenever he pleased.</p>
		<p>This kind of behaviour was unheard of at the time – especially in the middle-class setting where the film took place. Jim Stark was not the typical teenager; he was a fantasy figure dreamt up in the minds of devious men who wished to create division within Western society. All of the traits that Jim Stark displayed went against every established ideal of the time – essentially showcasing exactly how a teen should not act. Teens at the time did not act in the way Jim Stark acted and the character was not a portrayal of an ideal or normal teen. So why make a film showing how not to act, how not to behave and portraying a negative role model to millions?</p>
		<p>The movie became a sensation and the main character Jim Stark became a role model to millions of impressionable youngsters who wished to follow in his footsteps. This is just an early example of how the media influences young people and creates tension within society by fostering divisions that previously did not exist.</p>
		<p>As we have already discussed at length, Western society places great importance on the role of the family unit and on the father being a strong disciplinarian and role model. But even as far back as 1955 the poison was being poured out by Hollywood and the family unit was being undermined by turning children against their parents and creating a generation gap. The generation gap was to ensure that different generations of Western society would not relate to each other.</p>
		<p>The generation gap is not conducive to a well running society. A cohesive society passes down its morals, values and traditions from generation to generation – so to create a gap between those generations jeopardises the passing down of that vital information. The generation gap jeopardised the continuation of Western culture and damaged the Western superego that had been passed down over countless centuries.</p>
		<p>Fast forward forty years and these damaging films were still being made. The year was 1995 and the film <i>Kids</i> was released. <i>Kids</i> is yet another film about youth rebellion. The film centred on a group of teens led by two friends Telly and Casper. The group are aged twelve years and up and are sexually active, shoplift, abuse drugs and go as far as to beat a man to death in a park.</p>
		<p>Despite <i>Kids</i> being released forty years after Jim Stark caused a stir in cinemas, the message pushed by <i>Kids</i> is startlingly similar to the message pushed by <i>Rebel Without a Cause</i> – youth rebellion. The big difference between the two films is not their core message, but their tone and graphic nature; <i>Kids</i> dramatically showcases just how far the enemies of the West have been able to push back the barriers of what is acceptable within Western society. Had <i>Kids</i> been made and released in 1955 there would have been riots, but in 1995 the film's release only created mild controversy which probably only served to gain the film more publicity.</p>
		<p><i>Rebel Without a Cause</i> was not alone in pushing the message of rebellion and was accompanied by other similar films. <i>Rebel Without a Cause</i> was also accompanied by rock 'n' roll – a musical revolution that pushed similar and equally destructive themes to those being pumped out by Hollywood.</p>
		<p>Earlier we talked about the destructive lyrics that are pushed by role models within the music industry and the message that those role models impart to young impressionable fans. We discussed the lyrics of a handful of very popular songs and what message those lyrics imparted to young impressionable listeners. But again, this trend is nothing new; it also began in the 50s with groups like Bill Haley and the Comets who had a hit with the song 'Rock Around the Clock'.</p>
		<p>By today's standards 'Rock Around the Clock' seems pretty tame – but after close examination of the song's message, it is clear to see that the moral of the song is to party all night with little or no regard for the consequences. It is clear where modern music evolved from and where the roots of modern lyrics lie. Whilst 'Rock Around the Clock' seems like nothing compared to the filth pushed by Lady Gaga, both have to be seen in context. Whilst Bill Haley sang simply about 'rocking around the clock', Lady Gaga takes this message to the next level and sings of being so drunk she has lost her phone, her keys and about how she doesn't even know where she is – but her conclusion is to 'just dance'.</p>
		<p>Lady Gaga does indeed go far further than Bill Haley and the Comets ever did, but at the core of both songs is the same message – party endlessly and pursue hedonism. The big difference between the two songs is simply how far the envelope of taste has been pushed and how explicit the message has become. What pushes the envelope in terms of taste and morality now would have been completely taboo or even unthinkable forty or fifty years ago. Equally, what pushed the envelope in the 1950s would be seen as tame or even laughable now.</p>
		<p>Those who have attacked the mind of Western man have done so slowly and methodically. To draw a simple analogy, they have cooked the mind of Western man as one would boil a frog. If you were to throw a frog into a pot of boiling water it would jump out in a bid to escape its fate; if however you were to place the frog in the pot and slowly turn up the heat, it would sit smiling until it was boiled to death.</p>
		<p>Had the mental assault on Western man begun with a torrent of obvious and outrageous degeneracy, then people would have been less likely to accept what was being pushed, so the assault on decency started slowly and increased over time. But if this point needs to be hammered home further, simply imagine taking a recording of Lady Gaga and her antics back to the 1950s and trying to explain to those living then that Lady Gaga would be the acceptable standard in the early 21<sup>st</sup> century.</p>
		<p>Yet those who wish to see Western civilisation crumble would tell you that the process you are reading about is simply 'progress', indeed the message being pushed has progressed, but that progression is anything but positive. There is however one area where Western society does seem to carry on progressing – and that is in the sphere of technology. Sadly though, the enemies of the West have used this technology against Western man and Western man's own industrious and inventive nature has been turned against him.</p>
		<p>One of the most influential and world changing inventions the of the 20<sup>th</sup> century would speed the decline of the West exponentially. That invention was the television. The filth being produced to warp the Western mind was no longer confined to the big screen or the radio – but the poison was now being beamed into homes and mesmerising families who gathered around this new technological marvel. Of the shows broadcast none were more addictive nor more destructive than the soap opera – daily tales of 'ordinary' people's lives that always seemed to showcase the worst and most degenerate aspects of society and play them out as if they were the norm.</p>
		<p>The main characteristics that define soap operas are an emphasis on family life, personal relationships, sexual dramas and emotional and moral conflicts – but critically soap operas also address social issues that occur within society. Week in, week out, soap operas are the most viewed programmes on television enthralling huge audiences who increasingly buy into the plots and characters as if those plots and characters were all real.</p>
		<p>Now imagine if a show that placed an emphasis on family life always showcased the worst of family life – rather than showcasing cohesive families that got on with one another, the show centred on families that argued, families where the mother and father had extramarital affairs, families that stole from each other and families where the children sought to undermine their parents. This is exactly what the soap opera does; it is a series of intertwining stories that showcase negative drama that would be undesirable in any functioning family unit.</p>
		<p>Over time the soap opera seeks to normalise negative behaviour and instil a sense of false reality in the viewer. The goal of the soap opera is to make the viewer believe that the families being portrayed on the screen are normal and that their behaviour is acceptable. These repeated messages slowly creep into the collective consciousness of those who sit glued to their televisions with the intention of altering the actions and behaviour of the viewer. Over time the viewer becomes used to seeing families fighting, couples cheating on one another and friction between individuals within a community. The viewer eventually sees such behaviour as normal and as a result begins to replicate this negative behaviour within their day-to-day life.</p>
		<p>Soap operas also present other social issues in a light that serves the agenda of the enemies of the West. Whether it is the acceptance of abortion, divorce, homosexuality or the normalisation of the multicultural society – soap operas are always the first to broach these subjects. As with films, soap operas start pushing their message in a moderate fashion and then push the envelope further and further. In the 1960s <i>Coronation Street</i> (a prominent British soap opera) featured its first divorce and was the first prime-time show in the UK to depict a suicide, and in 1998 <i>Coronation Street</i> introduced its first transsexual character. The writers of these soaps continue to push the envelope further and further just as the writers in the film and music industries do.</p>
		<p>Soap operas have been engineered to highlight and glorify social discord within the family unit and the community – they almost always focus on negative facets of society and promote gossip and dishonesty. Soap operas also have the additional role of pushing negative social issues upon an unwitting audience much in the same ways films do – they simply do so on a more regular and sustained basis. But what makes soap operas even more dangerous is that over time the lines between reality and fantasy have become increasingly blurred in the minds of the viewer.</p>
		<p>When the <i>Coronation Street</i> character Deirdre Barlow was wrongfully imprisoned on the show as part of the plot, there was public outcry. Thousands signed petitions for her to be freed; people printed t-shirts calling for her release and one complete idiot even donated £5000 to a fund calling for her freedom. However the most gobsmacking moment came when the then Prime Minister Tony Blair weighed into the debate and demanded an enquiry into her conviction – this was then echoed by national newspapers that soon joined the campaign for her freedom.</p>
		<p>This just shows the devastating mental effect that television and film have had on the Western mind. An increasing number of people cannot even differentiate between what is reality and what is fiction and these people actually see characters portrayed by actors and actresses as real-life people who face real life problems and issues.</p>
		<p>When people view fantasy as reality, and the fantasy they view constantly pushes a negative message of discord, division and actions that are not conducive to a stable society, is it any wonder Western society has fallen so far? It is worth noting that over seventeen million people tuned in to watch Coronation Street to see how the aforementioned story played out – the people being affected by this nonsense are not simply an isolated minority.</p>
		<p>Not all people watch soaps though and many people can still see that a soap opera is a work of fiction. But it isn't just fictional works of television and film that seek to warp the mind of Western man – news and current affairs programmes are also used to the same effect. The very programmes that are meant to report the news insert political and social messages into their commentary which are invariably unconducive to a healthy Western mind and the continued existence of Western man.</p>
		<p>The news is always told from a narrow perspective and current affairs are always presented within a narrow political spectrum that always leans to the left. Political commentators are nearly always on board with the message that the enemies of the West wish to push, and on the rare occasion when a dissenting voice is allowed to challenge the prevailing dogma, that voice is quickly shouted down and ridiculed. Current affairs shows and debates even go as far as having specially selected audiences that cheer and boo on demand in order to give the appearance that the public support the charade that is taking place.</p>
		<p>These controlled debates and narrow discussions on current affairs and the state of the nation are to give the illusion of choice. Again Western man believes he is free; Western man believes there is choice and believes that there is genuine discourse between those who hold different opinions. However this discourse is no different than watching a choreographed fight where the outcome is predetermined. In current affairs debates all roads end up leading to the same destination – whilst at the same time giving the illusion of freedom and choice.</p>
		<p>The Western mind has been broken by a sustained attack by the media. Not only has the message presented by the media been negative and destructive, but that message has consistently become more and more negative and destructive over time.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have been ever more audacious in pushing the envelope and consistently pushed the boundaries of taste, plumbing new lows with each passing year. Yet despite the media's output becoming ever more degenerate, the core message has remained the same – it has always been one designed to undermine and break the Western superego.</p>
		<p>The truly shocking revelation surrounding the media's control of Western man's mind is witnessed in the fact that huge numbers of Western people can no longer differentiate fantasy from reality. The public sit glued to their televisions believing that what actors portray on the screen is actually real. This is the extent to which Western man has been brainwashed and his mind warped. Western man will never sit in chains and shackles made of iron, because they are not necessary. Western man already sits in a cage that has been constructed in his own mind – Western man is a prisoner of the media.</p>
		<p>If Western man is to ever free himself and rise again, his first step must be to break the mental chains placed upon him. Western man must free his mind and clear the misty fog that clouds his judgement. To defeat the enemies of the West, Western man must first be able to see through the lies he has been told and understand the pitfalls placed in front of him. The first thing Western man must do is break free from the media's iron grip.</p>

</body>
</html>
