<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>16: The Loss of the Western Soul</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">16</span><br/>THE LOSS OF THE WESTERN SOUL</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The existence of the soul is something that has been long debated by religious scholars, philosophers and scientists. Does the soul exist and what does its existence signify? In a very real sense, the soul is a deeper level of consciousness that lies at the very core of our being. It is that special extra 'something' that sets us apart from other creatures in the animal kingdom. The soul is the spiritual or immaterial part of a human being.</p>
		<p>The soul is often seen as immortal, something that transcends life and death and lives on for eternity. The idea of the soul has been with us from the beginning of recorded time and probably existed long before that. Whilst in many ways the soul can be seen as intangible, it is often seen as the 'breath of life' that animates the body – in effect the very essence of the human being.</p>
		<p>The soul is separate and distinct from the body and the mind. You can feed and satisfy your body through food and physical activity. You can satisfy your mind through knowledge and discovery. But to satisfy the soul, that is a deeper and altogether more complex affair. To satisfy the soul is in many ways more important than either physical or mental satisfaction, as a satisfied soul leads to one being at peace with both himself and the world around him.</p>
		<p>Once the soul is at ease and satisfied other stresses and pains seem less significant. The importance of achieving spiritual satisfaction is in many ways more important than simply satisfying the mind and body. An individual that endlessly seeks spiritual satisfaction but never finds it ends up feeling spiritually restless which can lead to a tortured existence. An individual who finds the search for inner peace to be elusive would live a truly cursed existence.</p>
		<p>If an individual has a restless soul and constantly searches for inner peace, that quest will hamper the individual's ability to achieve other goals. For a man cannot be at ease with his surroundings, his peers and most crucially not even be at ease with himself when he harbours a restless soul. Logically, when a man is not at ease with himself, he can never be truly free or happy. What's more, when an individual's soul is not at ease all the other problems that individual faces seem magnified.</p>
		<p>The soul is a higher form of consciousness and thus not directly observable which in turn makes it hard to study in a scientific way. The soul is not something we can see, measure or directly quantify or catalogue – in these ways the soul is very much like the superego. As we know what causes the superego to develop, we can assess the influences that feed the soul and provide spiritual nourishment.</p>
		<p>Broadly speaking there are three different spiritual bonds that serve to feed the soul and satisfy spiritual needs. The more these bonds are strengthened and the more the soul is satisfied, the more at ease one becomes with both himself and the world around him. A happy and spiritually fulfilled individual has the foundations for success in life, as positive mental and physical growth are much more likely to occur in individuals that are at peace with themselves.</p>
		<p>The first and most fundamental spiritual bond that feeds the soul is the bond that an individual shares with their immediate family, loved ones and with members of the community in which they live. This bond comes from human interaction with loved ones, the people that you hold the most dear and those you identify most strongly with. This most fundamental spiritual need springs forth from the nuclear family and its roots lie in the development of the family bonds that Western man began to form and develop during the earliest days of Western society.</p>
		<p>As males and females form complementary pairs that eventually become more than the sum of their constituent parts, a major part of spiritual fulfilment comes from finding a life partner. As stated before, the bonds we form with our life partners are based on more than simple attraction, sexual chemistry and the desire to procreate. Humans develop a powerful emotion which acts as a bond for life between two loving partners – that emotion is love.</p>
		<p>Love is one of the basic spiritual bonds that feed the soul. We also feel love for our parents and, in time when we go on to become parents ourselves, we feel love for our children. This powerful emotion is something that makes our soul feel at ease and makes us feel as though we belong when we are around our loved ones. When around those we love and around those who love us, we feel at home. The old phrase 'home is where the heart is' would be more accurately stated as 'home is where the soul is most at ease'.</p>
		<p>People yearn to be around their families and loved ones and are drawn back to them when they are separated. This is why death takes such a toll on any close family, as losing a loved one for good feels as though you are not just losing another person, but that you are losing part of yourself too – something that takes a toll on one's soul. These natural bonds are extended to those within a close and cohesive community – friends, relatives and those within the community who are looked up to and respected.</p>
		<p>As we mature, we search for a partner, and the natural urge is to have children and pass on our genetics to the next generation. Immense spiritual fulfilment comes from raising children. To see the product of your love for another human expressed in the form of a child – your son or daughter – is overwhelming. To hold in your arms a tiny and helpless child, a child that is entirely dependent on your love and care and a child that carries your blood, is an experience that changes a person and fulfils them in a way that cannot be matched by other achievements.</p>
		<p>A strong family and strong parents help a child to develop, teaching that child the ways of life. There can be few things more spiritually fulfilling than seeing your own child grow and develop under your tutelage – eventually becoming a strong upstanding adult who carries on the family lineage. These experiences and the bonds that a parent shares with a child are truly spiritual experiences and satisfy and feed the soul.</p>
		<p>To lack these family and community bonds, to be a loner or an outsider and to never feel love or to never pass on your blood must be a terrible burden for the soul and lead to feelings of isolation and deep depression – something that would cause the soul to cry out in pain.</p>
		<p>The second broad group of spiritual bonds that feed the soul come from our connection to the environment and the natural world around us. We evolved in the natural world and around nature, and thus we are a product of nature and our development is intrinsically tied to the natural world. If the bond to our family and community is important, so is the bond to the world around us that provides for us. If you look at earth as a mother – mother earth – she is the mother of Western man and she provides for us in every way.</p>
		<p>We are a product of our environment; we have discussed this at length and we have discussed how the unique environment of Northern Europe shaped Western man into what he became and gifted him with the traits that allowed him to build such advanced civilisations. Western man's struggle with the environment in which he lived was difficult, but over time Western man emerged from that struggle with a deep understanding of both himself and the world in which he lived.</p>
		<p>Nature provided for Western man – the wood for his fires to keep him warm, the plants for his food, the animals that were both his companions and his livestock and the water which quenched his thirst. Everything Western man had and everything Western man built came from nature in one way or another. Wood, stone and metal all came from the earth and Western man used these natural resources to raise up Western society and to build the great civilisations that stand to this day.</p>
		<p>The bonds Western man shared with his environment and the natural world have slowly been weakened as Western man has grown more technologically advanced. As we have divorced ourselves from the natural world and cocooned ourselves in manmade and unnatural environments, we have seen a huge rise in depression – depression of course comes from a soul that is not spiritually fulfilled. We do not gain the same level of natural satisfaction and spiritual fulfilment trapped indoors starring at a screen as we do from being outside in the natural world.</p>
		<p>These bonds with nature were always emphasised by the ancestors of Western man and until very recently there was always a huge drive to get young people out into the natural world. Scouting groups would regularly take children camping, hunting and fishing as a way of connecting them with their natural environment and aiding their spiritual development.</p>
		<p>It is also testament to the natural bonds Western man has with the environment that many traditional Western pastimes – the pursuits that took place in one's free time in order to recharge the spiritual batteries and give folk a sense of belonging – took place outside. Hunting, fishing, hiking, exploring and sleeping out under the stars all connected Western man not only with nature, but also with the ways of his ancestors and their more natural ways of living.</p>
		<p>There are few things more spiritually uplifting than walking through the forest as the sun shines down through the trees casting light on the flowers that gather across the forest floor as the birds sing in the trees and the fresh scent of a summer's morning drifts through the air. The very thought of such a thing is uplifting and calming to the soul.</p>
		<p>The final of the three broad groups of spiritual bonds that feed the soul is religion and one's deeper spiritual beliefs in a god or an afterlife. Religion can be both contentious and highly divisive, but religion is also something that played a huge part in the development of the Western world as Western man sought to make sense of things such as the existence of the soul and the circle of life and death.</p>
		<p>Even primitive man held religious beliefs – whether that was the worship of the sun, the moon and the seasons, or the worship of gods associated with different facets of the natural world such as the land, sea and air. There were the religions of ancient Greece, Egypt, Rome and Scandinavia as well as the pagan beliefs of the tribes native to the British Isles. These beliefs changed and evolved over time and some disappeared and were replaced by Christianity as it spread across the West.</p>
		<p>The purpose of this is not to examine different religions in detail or to say which religion is right, or in fact which religion is wrong – but simply to state that religion has always played a central part in feeding the soul and providing spiritual nourishment for Western man. Religion has sought to explain the soul and give Western man faith in the idea of the immortality of the soul – a belief shared by ancient philosophers such as Socrates and Plato.</p>
		<p>Religion has bound communities together and sought to give them moral guidance as well as spiritual guidance. It has given people inner strength and helped them deal with the death of loved ones and other personal losses. Crucially, religion has sought to remove the fear of death and give people faith that there is more to life than simply survival – that there is a higher spiritual meaning to life and that we do not merely exist in the here and now, and will not merely be washed away like grains of sand on a beach.</p>
		<p>The importance of spiritual pursuits and beliefs are clear, as is the importance of the spiritual bonds that exist in order to feed the Western soul. Spiritual bonds tie Western man to his immediate family, those within his community and to the natural world around him. Just as the enemies of the West have attacked the body and mind of Western man, they also wish to attack Western spirituality and mount an assault on the Western soul. The enemies of the West have enslaved the Western mind and they have poisoned the body of Western man, but they have also weakened the spiritual bonds that feed the Western soul.</p>
		<p>The family unit and the community which it is part of, Western man's connection with the natural environment and Western religious institutions and spiritual beliefs have all been under relentless attack and have been undermined and weakened. But the enemies of the West always have something else up their sleeves – whenever they create a vacuum by removing a positive, they always seek to fill that vacuum with something unnatural and unhealthy that only serves to further enslave Western man.</p>
		<p>As the influences in our lives that give us spiritual fulfilment have been slowly dismantled and removed, we have been presented with a spiritually worthless alternative that has been pushed relentlessly by the enemies of the West – that bankrupt alternative is materialism. The new 'spiritual' pursuit of the West is to spend money and to acquire material objects – and the more we spend and the more we acquire the better we are meant to feel. Materialism is the belief that the acquisition of physical objects is the route to lasting happiness; but nothing could be further from the truth.</p>
		<p>Material objects can make us happy and they can bring us enjoyment in the short term – but they can never bring the deep lasting happiness that is gained from true spiritual fulfilment. Material objects are a means to an end; they serve a purpose and a function – of course one can take pride in those objects and one can take pleasure in some of them, but that pride and pleasure will never replace genuine spiritual fulfilment.</p>
		<p>For example, one can purchase a dinner table, chairs and the best dining set that money can buy. But ultimately those goods are limited – the plates may be aesthetically perfect and the knives and forks wonderfully crafted, but if the food eaten with them is subpar the quality of the plates and cutlery makes little difference. Equally, a magnificent table and well-crafted chairs may be both comfortable and pleasing to the eye, but without friends to sit in the chairs and family to gather around the table, their worth is significantly diminished.</p>
		<p>A man can purchase an expensive luxury car and can surely derive pleasure from driving it, but if the journey he makes is lonely and he is headed to a place where he is neither loved nor wanted then surely he would be happier to walk barefoot in the rain to a warm home full of people he loved and who eagerly anticipated his arrival. These examples are simple, but they illustrate an important point – that it is not material goods alone that make us happy, but who we share them with that is important. This leads us back to the real path to spiritual fulfilment – our connection to the people we love and our bond to our ancestral homeland, yet sadly those connections have been weakened and in some cases have been completely severed.</p>
		<p>Instead of following spiritual pursuits, people now live for the acquisition of material items and every week millions flock to department stores, supermarkets and shopping centres in order to spend money on items they believe will enhance their lives and bring them happiness. These temples of consumerism are neither homely, natural nor are they in any way spiritual – yet they have become the new places of worship for Western man. As cashiers ring up endless transactions, the consumer clamours to purchase items in a vain attempt to fill the void they feel at the centre of their soul, a void created by their neglect of genuine spiritual pursuits.</p>
		<p>In the short term these purchased items do bring excitement and happiness and a small buzz – but soon that buzz wears off. In the modern world everything is readily available and as a result people are used to excess and accustomed to getting exactly what they desire. This lack of scarcity ensures the individual does not cherish the items they purchase as they might cherish a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation. Everything is disposable and this is reflected in the way we treat our possessions. A key part of the problem we face is that we rarely need what we buy. We buy items because we want them, not because we need them; our desires are not driven by necessity but by materialistic greed.</p>
		<p>As the items we purchase no longer mean anything to us and the products we crave do not bring lasting happiness, we increasingly discard and disrespect our possessions. Soon people are not buying items because they need them or even because they want them – they are buying for the sake of buying. We have become habituated to walking around shopping centres at the weekend spending money on whatever grabs our attention as we crave the instant gratification we gain from the act of purchasing on impulse.</p>
		<p>But that is the problem – we have started to derive pleasure from the act of buying itself – and the more we spend and the higher the bill, the more we feel we are elevated above others around us. People now compete with one another based on what they have purchased and how much money they have spent. Western man has become a slave to consumerism – buying for the sake of buying in order gain attention and one-upmanship over one's peers.</p>
		<p>This grotesque materialism is endorsed by bad role models and reinforced by the vacuous celebrity culture that influences the mind of Western man. Bizarre social rules emerge; females are told they should never wear the same dress twice, men are told that the price of their bar tab is a status symbol and far more important than the taste of the liquor being drunk, and we are all told that the number of bags we carry home is directly proportional to our level of happiness. This warped morality colours our vision and affects the way we value everything in our lives: materialism has become Western man's new god!</p>
		<p>So as Western man rushes to worship at the temple of materialism, he spends, spends and spends some more until he has nothing left. Then he spends some more – because why should he save for something he can have tomorrow when he can borrow the shortfall and have what he desires today? This is exactly what the enemies of the West have planned, and in Western man's rush to own everything and keep up with his neighbours, he applies for credit cards, payday loans and borrows from wherever he can. Western man is then reduced to no more than a financial slave, forever in the debt of shady money lenders and crooks.</p>
		<p>As Western man's pursuit of materialism intensifies, his debts rise. Western man finds himself with less and less disposable income and this financial pressure begins to affect his personal relationships, often forcing Western man to the suicidal conclusion that he can't afford to breed. After all what could be a bigger financial commitment than a child? Not only has Western man replaced true spirituality with the pursuit of materialism, but Western man has allowed materialism to become a barrier to the most natural callings in life – building a family and having children.</p>
		<p>Materialism controls us and it moulds our thinking, turning us into greedy and shallow individuals obsessed with material objects, this obsession consumes us and keeps us from engaging in genuinely fulfilling pursuits. Western man pours increasingly large sums of money into the pursuit of materialism, often forcing himself into debt in a vain and pointless attempt to be the envy of his neighbours.</p>
		<p>But materialism is an empty and soulless pursuit – no matter how much money you pour into that pot it will never be full. Eventually when there is no money left and debts begin mounting, the goods acquired during the mad spending sprees are of little or no consolation and the pressure of the debt and the resulting depression takes its toll. In our race to fill the spiritual void left by the loss of family bonds, our bond with the natural world, and our religious and spiritual beliefs, we have ended up worshiping a false idol.</p>
		<p>Again we see the triumph of the id – immediate pleasure derived from spending money that we don't have is put before our own long-term financial stability. The superego imparts control, conscience and allows us to reason on a moral level. Once the superego is damaged and the id reigns, we give in to impulsive drives and think only of short-term pleasure.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West must be rubbing their hands with glee. The once great Western man, mentally enslaved, physically enfeebled and spiritually bereft – but also financially shackled and in debt to the very people who wish to see the West fall.</p>
		<p>Western man needs to rediscover what makes him whole – the things that spiritually feed him and complete his soul allowing him to be at ease with himself and his surroundings. Western man needs to throw off the shackles of materialism and pursue genuine spirituality – through the bonds with his family, his environment and through his religious beliefs.</p>
		<p>The void we feel at the centre of our very being cannot be filled with material goods; as such our devotion to materialism must be broken. Materialism is not a means to an end; it is a means to enslave Western man through usury and debt.</p>

</body>
</html>
