<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>15: The Loss of the Western Body</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">15</span><br/>THE LOSS OF THE WESTERN BODY</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The health of any group, society or nation depends on both the physical and mental health of the people who make up that group, society or nation. The great civilisations that grew and prospered did so because of the quality of the people that built them. Strong and physically healthy people build great civilisations – weak, sick and feeble people build nothing.</p>
		<p>Once a great civilisation has risen, it takes equally strong people to defend that civilisation. As a civilisation rises and the accomplishments of that civilisation become ever greater, the enemies of that civilisation become ever more eager to tear it down. It follows that if the people that build great civilisations become weak, sick and feeble then it is only a matter of time before those civilisations fall prey to their enemies.</p>
		<p>The strength and steel of the Western body was forged in the early days of Western man. When the earliest of Western man's ancestors lived in the harsh frozen lands of Northern Europe the stage was set for only the strongest and most industrious to survive. Those who couldn't survive the biting cold, dig through the frozen ground or hunt in the harsh conditions were doomed and their bloodlines were wiped out as they didn't survive or were unable to ensure the survival of their offspring.</p>
		<p>This brutal natural selection process led to several traits – the inventiveness of the Western mind, the drive to form the nuclear family and of course the development of great physical strength and fitness that allowed Western man to cope with the environment in which he lived. As Western man learned to be inventive and industrious and as Western man learned to form lifelong bonds with his partners and to protect his offspring, he also learned to be physically strong.</p>
		<p>As time moved on the strong and healthy Western body that had been forged in the harsh environmental conditions of Northern Europe saw Western man become a mighty warrior that dominated the battlefield. Western man not only built great civilisations and fought great wars with his neighbours, but he also conquered and colonised the rest of the world. Once these great gains were made, Western man then needed to defend his expanded territory – often against overwhelming odds. None of these achievements would have been possible if the Western body had been weak, sick or feeble.</p>
		<p>Western man's achievements were not confined simply to the battlefield. Western man was also a great explorer – not content with his immediate horizon he sought to expand those horizons until every corner of the globe had been discovered. From Vasco da Gama who discovered the sea route to India, to Christopher Columbus who discovered the Americas, to Robert Falcon Scott who led expeditions to Antarctica and to Edmund Hillary who was the first man to climb Mount Everest, Western man discovered the world and conquered its harshest environments.</p>
		<p>These incredible achievements were not the feats of weak men, but were achieved by those who had great physical and mental fortitude. What's more, these great feats were achieved without the advanced technology of the modern era. Journey by sea was treacherous and ships were manned by crews who were pushed to their physical limits, limits that would be tested even further when they reached their destinations and mounted brave and daring expeditions through uncharted territories.</p>
		<p>The enemies of any nation know that to weaken the bodies of the people who make up that nation would undermine the nation itself. By making a people weak, by robbing them of their ability to defend themselves and by poisoning or breaking their bodies, the community in which those people live is put at risk and becomes increasingly attractive prey to potential predators. But how can the enemies of the West effectively go about weakening the physical form of Western man?</p>
		<p>As discussed earlier, the first logical place to strike is the mind, as once the mind is reduced in its capacity to reason and the hardened mental fortitude of a people is turned to jelly, those people can be convinced of anything. The attack on the Western body has intensified as the Western mind has been overcome.</p>
		<p>A weakened mental state allows for a subject to be manipulated far more easily. Once the mind has been conquered, unhealthy ideas and theories which would once have been disregarded by an able mind can easily be implanted and seen as healthy. Whereas the healthy mind will reject notions that would lead to the harm of the individual and the destruction of the individual's body, the unhealthy mind can easily be persuaded that these destructive notions are in fact sound.</p>
		<p>The old phrase 'healthy mind, healthy body' rings true. When the mind is healthy, so will be the body as the outward reflection of inner mental health and strength is a strong and healthy body. The enemies of the West know this, they also know that by defeating both the mind and the body of Western man, Western man will completely be at the mercy of his enemies and simply be a shadow of his former self.</p>
		<p>To convince a sane man to ingest poison and to convince him to commit insane and self-destructive acts would be difficult if nigh-on impossible. However to convince an insane man to ingest poison and harm himself through self-destructive acts would be like pushing at an open door. The enemies of the West know this and that is why they set about destroying Western man's mind first and foremost, as with the mind broken it would then be so much easier to destroy Western man's once healthy body.</p>
		<p>Just as Western man has been enslaved by subtle and devious means and held in servitude by invisible chains and cages that exist only in his mind, Western man's body is not poisoned by force either. No one is dragged off to medical facilities and tied to beds to have their poison administered by force; no one has their nose held and the poison poured down their throat against their will. In fact quite the opposite is true, Western man takes his own poison without the need for force as he wilfully destroys his own body in acts that amount to no more than self-harm.</p>
		<p>The once proud, strong and healthy Western warrior and explorer is now an obese and unhealthy slob confined to his couch as those who control the mass media pump ever more garbage into his head as he shovels ever more garbage into his mouth. As a result of this, the Western population's level of physical fitness has declined dramatically over the last few decades, and the size of Western man's waist has increased considerably.</p>
		<p>The changing shape and the attitude to the changing shape of Western man can most easily be illustrated by looking at an interesting relic of our past – the carnival freak show. At the beginning of the 20<sup>th</sup> century these freak shows toured Western nations displaying the odd and the perverse. It was not uncommon for these freak shows to feature a 'fat man', who patrons of the carnival found unbelievable.</p>
		<p>The 'fat man' was considered freakish and large beyond belief and average-sized folks actually paid for the privilege of looking at him. Yet by today's standard the 'fat man' would seem normal and one would not have to pay to see him. In fact one would only need to take a trip to any supermarket where dozens of hugely obese men and women could be observed filling their trollies with mountains of sugary and fatty snacks that have little nutritional value and act as a slow-working poison on the individual's once healthy body.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have pushed the envelope with health just as they pushed the envelope with the poison they poured into the Western mind. Just as it became acceptable to push ever more degenerate nonsense in both music and film, it has become more and more acceptable to become increasingly unhealthy. This acceptance for obesity and unhealthy living has even culminated in what is termed the 'body acceptance' movement.</p>
		<p>The Western obesity epidemic is not just reducing the capacity of Western man as a fighter, a pioneer and an explorer – but it also brings with it a myriad of health problems. Obesity literally destroys the human body and places massive strain on the structures and organs within leading to heart disease, respiratory problems, diabetes and a weakened immune system. In extreme cases obesity can even lead to problems of a greater magnitude which actually reduce the individual to being bedridden resulting in that individual being as helpless as a newborn child and requiring round-the-clock care.</p>
		<p>This kind of gluttony represents another triumph of the id over the superego. Eating is a natural drive and as such is governed by the id; it is a desire that we wish to satisfy and when that desire is satisfied we feel good. However a developed superego would control the desire to eat and curb overindulgence. Once the superego is weakened and the id can take control, we seek constant satisfaction and as a result the individual simply eats as a form of pleasure without a thought for the consequences.</p>
		<p>The id is of course only concerned with short-term immediate satisfaction – and as such needs to be constrained. The id is selfish and greedy and not concerned with longer term goals and prospects. Few actions illustrate this as well as gluttony – the short-term desire to fulfil the urge to eat and to gain endless pleasure from overeating are in complete contradiction to the long-term welfare, health and survival of the individual.</p>
		<p>A developed superego is our morality and thus keeps the id in check and reminds us not to be greedy and gluttonous. The developed superego also contains our vision of our ideal self to which we work toward becoming – and what could be less of an ideal self than a bloated, greedy, unfit individual who is plagued by health problems? Yet increasingly, Western man is that bloated individual, and that represents a triumph for both the id and the enemies of the West.</p>
		<p>But greed often goes hand in hand with laziness, and where food is concerned nothing could be more evident. Not only are people eating far more – what they are eating is far worse for them. The drive for quick and easy satisfaction from food has led to the increasing availability of unhealthy 'fast food' laden with chemical preservatives, artificial flavours, huge amounts of sugar and salt and very little genuine nutritional value.</p>
		<p>These artificial foods are very much like drugs – they give an instant sugary and chemical high which sets the pleasure receptors in the brain alight. But that buzz soon wears off, and unlike a healthy meal that can satisfy an individual for the best part of a day, unhealthy snacks only provide short-term satisfaction and soon leave the individual craving more of the same. Just like a drug user, the food addict craves more and ever larger portions of unhealthy food in a desperate effort to satisfy their cravings.</p>
		<p>Of course, these unhealthy options are also constantly promoted by the enemies of the West through the television and the media. The Western mind is bombarded with adverts – many of which are aimed at young children in order to corrupt their young minds and get them hooked early on poisonous junk food and unhealthy snacks.</p>
		<p>It is not enough that Western folk are being poisoned and turned from healthy people into an overweight and unhealthy collection of food addicts – but now the same people who gave us bad role models, media poison and feminism now tell us that fat is 'beautiful' and health can come at any size. As Western beauty and femininity is attacked through degrading sexual practices in pornography, it is also attacked through the promotion of unhealthy living and obesity.</p>
		<p>The Western female was deified for her beauty and her femininity, inspiring generations of Western society and being the subject of Western poetry, song, literature and art. Whilst the Western female had natural curves, she was not covered in rolls of unsightly fat. To see a bloated and swollen female is to see a perversion of beauty, a twisted vision of what women should aim to be and what men should aspire to be with.</p>
		<p>Yet now feminists and those behind the negative role models foisted upon our youth give us the 'plus sized' model, 'fat activist' and the aforementioned body acceptance movement. The plus sized model is in itself an oxymoron – a model is by its very definition 'a thing used as an example to follow or imitate'. How on earth is an overweight, greedy, self-indulgent and unhealthy individual an 'example to follow or imitate'? The answer is simple – they are not, but neither are the other role models being pushed upon impressionable young minds.</p>
		<p>The feminist will be quick to tell you that it is not obesity that is the problem, but in fact anorexia and bulimia are what plague the modern female, and the cause of these plagues is an unscrupulous and male-dominated fashion industry. This can be easily debunked as less than one per cent of the population suffer from those forms of eating disorder, compared to 67 per cent of men and 57 per cent of women being either overweight or obese. Anorexia and bulimia are terrible mental issues, but they are not a plague on society of the same scale as obesity.</p>
		<p>Obesity and an unhealthy body do not just affect Western man on an individual level but affect Western society as group. The obesity epidemic most obviously robs Western man of his ability to defend his community against prospective threats as his once warrior-like body is no longer fit and able to go to war. However there is also a deeper implication to the obesity epidemic that affects community cohesion.</p>
		<p>Humans are social creatures and they form bonds with one another – those bonds and repeated social interactions lead to communities forming. However when people are obese they are less likely to go out, less likely to interact and more likely to spend time alone doing sedentary and solitary activities which serve to further isolate the individual from their community. But is this not what the enemies of the West wish for? The once great Western man sits isolated in his own home, separated from his community as he lounges on his sofa eating what amounts to poison as he stares intently at a flickering screen which imparts destructive messages that were created to warp the Western mind.</p>
		<p>When children grow up in broken homes more often than not they lack discipline, authority and a strong male role model, these factors have a profound effect on the development of the child's superego. Children are now increasingly likely to grow up in homes where obesity is seen as normal – this too has a profound effect on a child's mental development. Children base their vision of an ideal self on their parents – so the message imparted to children that grow up with fat parents is that obesity is normal; obesity then becomes part of that child's ideal self. What could be more damaging to the future physical and mental health of a child than to normalise the self-destructive act of overeating?</p>
		<p>The obesity epidemic not only robs Western man of his ability to fight and undermines community cohesion, but it also robs Western man of his ability to reproduce. Obesity is known to be linked with a reduced fertility rate – and a low birth rate is already a critical problem faced by Western man. By literally poisoning their bodies with unhealthy food, Western males and Western females have reduced their capacity to bear children. Not only is the Western mind being twisted to see childrearing as undesirable, but Western man is increasingly physically unable to procreate.</p>
		<p>However greed, obesity and fast food is not the only threat to Western man's body. A rapid increase in size may be the biggest and most obvious change Western man's body has undergone, but the negative role models pushed upon younger generations are quick to promote other vices that can destroy the body and tear apart a community far quicker than junk food and excess weight.</p>
		<p>Both alcohol abuse and drug abuse have dramatically increased in Western society and have taken hold of younger generations as negative role models have glorified substance abuse, binge drinking and a hedonistic 'party' lifestyle. As discussed before, role models that are promoted in both film and music have always pushed the themes of rebellion and living for the moment without a thought for the consequences.</p>
		<p>Often these role models are fictional characters like Jim Stark in <i>Rebel Without a Cause</i> or Telly and Casper in the film <i>Kids</i>. Characters that appear in film and on television promote negative pursuits within a fictional setting – as discussed earlier fantasy and reality are becoming increasingly blurred in the mind of Western man. But despite this, these fictional role models do not directly interact with the public. However role models like film stars and pop stars are different to fictional characters as they do exist in reality and can interact directly with their fans.</p>
		<p>Role models like Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Rhianna (or their male counterparts) can have a greater, longer lasting and more influential relationship with their fans than fictional characters. As they are real people they exist outside of a single film, series of books or television programme and can thus have a more direct relationship with those who look up to them. These real life role models have every facet of their lives played out in the media – letting every impressionable young mind know of their every depraved and degenerate act.</p>
		<p>Let's look at one particular singer – Amy Winehouse. Amy Winehouse was a drug user and alcoholic. She ruined her career as a singer and ultimately died because of the choices she made. She died a pitiful death and in her last months her body was racked with the signs of drug and alcohol abuse. A healthy society would not hold Amy Winehouse up as a role model and certainly wouldn't expose youngsters to the self-destructive lifestyle she chose to embrace.</p>
		<p>As the enemies of the West seek to push negative role models upon Western youth, Amy Winehouse is now held up as a national hero. She is a darling of the nation and in North London a statue was erected to commemorate her life. Statues should be reserved for those who have given something of great worth to society and acted in a selfless and exemplary fashion. Amy Winehouse did none of those things; she followed her id and acted in a selfish manner, only seeking her own immediate pleasure without sparing a thought for the consequences of her actions.</p>
		<p>What's more, Amy Winehouse wasn't a 'down and out' who was born into a difficult life and used drugs as a means of escape. She was born into a wealthy family and had every opportunity in life; what's more her career in music made her a millionaire. Amy Winehouse had no excuses and none should be made on her behalf. What message does it send to young people when they see Amy Winehouse has been honoured with a statue? Amy Winehouse had it all, she wanted for nothing and she also had a gift to share – but instead of grasping her opportunities she squandered them all for the short-term gain associated with alcohol, drugs and partying.</p>
		<p>As future generations are increasingly ravaged by alcohol and substance abuse, questions are often asked as to why young people increasingly choose such a destructive path. Well for those seeking the answer, look no further than the statue of Amy Winehouse in North London. Ask yourself the question, if the youth of today had a choice between looking up to the statue of Horatio Nelson or looking up to the statue of Amy Winehouse, which would serve them better as a source of inspiration?</p>
		<p>A healthy body was necessary for Western man to build such mighty civilisations – but a healthy body was also necessary in order to successfully defend those civilisations. A healthy body allowed Western man to fulfil his potential and follow his dreams – a healthy body allowed Western man to explore the world and conquer his adversaries. No other culture or race could have stood against Western man and as a result Western civilisation was never seen as an easy target to those who looked on in envy at what Western man had created.</p>
		<p>But just as Western man's inventive and intelligent mind has been polluted and poisoned by those who seek to destroy Western civilisation, so has Western man's body been polluted and poisoned. This has not been achieved through force but through guile; Western man has been subtly coerced into poisoning himself. Without moral values and a strong superego, Western man has given in to his base desire to seek short-term pleasure. Western society is now plagued by obesity and Western youth are increasingly turning to drugs and alcohol.</p>
		<p>The once mighty Western warrior sits isolated in his armchair watching images flicker across an electronic screen as he ingests ever more sugary and fatty poison. Is it any wonder other cultures and races now view Western man with contempt? The people who once looked at Western civilisation with envy now look at Western man with derision and a mocking smirk.</p>
		<p>Western man must rediscover his roots and reconnect with natural food and natural healthy pursuits and once again take up the struggle of self-improvement in order to better himself. If the time ever comes where you are forced to defend yourself and your loved ones, make sure you can do so to the best of your ability. It is better to die on your feet with your sword in your hand as you defend your loved ones than to sit in your armchair as a helpless and bloated slob as your family and community perish!</p>

</body>
</html>
