<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>12: Withering Masculinity and the Feminised Male</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">12</span><br/>WITHERING MASCULINITY AND THE FEMINISED MALE</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">As feminism has warped the Western female, turning her from a kind, caring, feminine and motherly woman into a shallow and selfish individual who wishes to emulate her male counterpart, the Western male has undergone his own transformation. The Western male, once the 'alpha', the strong father figure who dispensed order and discipline and was a beacon of authority, has become weak and feminised.</p>
		<p>In a sickening and highly unnatural role reversal, Western man has shed his dominant, strong and manly ways and become feminised, weak and subservient. The strong hunter gatherer, provider, protector and guardian has withered, becoming emotionally driven and unstable due to a mixture of lamentable role models, a weakened role in society and an increasingly purposeless existence.</p>
		<p>In his new role, the Western male adopts everything his forefathers would have once scorned. He becomes reclusive from other males, he dresses and presents himself in ways that are more akin to that of a female and finds himself increasingly unable to live up to his natural role as the 'alpha'. There are many reasons why the Western male has declined in such a way and they are a direct product of the sustained attack on the Western superego.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have sought to undermine both the family unit and its individual constituent parts – the male and female. The enemies of the West have sought to subvert the natural order of life by reversing the role of the male and female – something that has weakened the West.</p>
		<p>The breakdown of the family unit is the first and most obvious cause of the emasculation of males within Western society. The family unit is the cornerstone of Western society and a fully functional family unit is composed of a loving mother and strong father figure. Both the mother and the father have important roles in the development of a young child and both serve as role models to the child in different ways.</p>
		<p>In early infancy both children spend nearly their entire waking day with their mother. This early part of human development is where 'attachment' takes place and the close bond between mother and child speeds the mental and physical development of the child. Children who have a stronger bond with their mother through their early development become more mentally advanced.</p>
		<p>As time goes by and the child grows up, the amount of time the child spends with its mother will change. Young females will tend to continue to spend more time with their mothers, whilst young males would typically spend more time with their fathers. This helps the child to develop their natural gender roles.</p>
		<p>As the authority figure and disciplinarian in the family, the father would have a crucial role in imparting the superego – the learned part of the psyche – to his son. An upstanding and strong father becomes an important role model to his son and helps the young male form an image of his 'ideal self' which as the young man grows and develops he strives toward.</p>
		<p>The Western family unit has been under repeated attack from the likes of feminism, a relaxation in social attitudes toward both marriage and single parent families, and through a relaxation of the laws surrounding divorce. It is now more and more common to see single parent families where a father figure is not present in the household. This removes the disciplinarian from the home and leaves young males without a strong father figure who would serve as their primary male role model and source of inspiration for their ideal self.</p>
		<p>The young male would naturally spend more and more time with his father as he grew up, developing his masculinity and learning how to become a man. In a world where there are an increasing number of broken homes, resulting in an increasing number of children who lack contact with their fathers, many young males now grow up without the influence of their father. In essence, this strips the young male of his primary male role model.</p>
		<p>This leaves young males looking to their mother as their primary role model in the home, something that leaves the male feminised and emasculated. Despite there being good mothers who do their best to raise a family on their own, there is really no substitute for the discipline and order of a strong father figure – just as in infancy there is no substitute for a loving mother who an infant attaches to. Just as depriving a young infant of its mother causes stunted mental development and even depression in a small child, depriving young males of a father figure as they develop can have similar mental effects.</p>
		<p>The young male who lacks a father in the home is increasingly likely to base his vision of an ideal self on his mother and hence more likely to adopt feminine traits. Whilst it is obviously a good thing that young females base their ideal self on their mother, for a young male this is not ideal as it prevents him from developing his natural gender role. Whilst the young male will learn compassion and empathy from his mother, his superego will not fully develop in the way a male's should and he will be unlikely to learn masculine traits and therefore in later life be unlikely to assume the role of a disciplinarian and authority figure.</p>
		<p>Sadly, the problem of the single parent family doesn't exist as an isolated issue within an otherwise healthy and moral society. Society once had safeguards in place – community leaders and role models who could take on the role of a father figure for young males that came from broken homes. However this is less and less the case in the modern world.</p>
		<p>The lack of a father in the home is now compounded by the lack of strong male role models within the community and a reduction in manly outdoor pursuits for young males to engage in. As discussed earlier, the scouting movement, the cadets and other strong male dominated groups that took young men out into nature and taught them how to be men have slowly been undermined and mothballed. Instead of working and competing alongside other males and learning from older, stronger males in the community, young men are increasingly confined to the home where they spend long periods in isolation playing computer games, watching television and reading comic books.</p>
		<p>As social creatures human beings are used to working in groups and learning from personal interactions with one another. For young men, being outside in a group surrounded by other young men, roughhousing, fighting and competing against each other – as well as working together, learning from one another and forming bonds as friends – are all important social interactions. The young male learns from this group dynamic as different males strive to be the alpha and each young man learns his place in the group.</p>
		<p>This group development is vitally important and it is lost when youngsters are confined to their bedroom engaged in solitary pursuits. It is noted that in today's connected world young people are not truly alone as they are connected to each other via mobile devices, computers, game consoles and tablets. However this virtual connection is not the same as proper human interaction as it lacks important characteristics present in face-to-face interactions such as eye contact and the ability to read another person's facial expressions. In these solitary pursuits group dynamics are rarely developed fully and youngsters become withdrawn from the real world and unable to interact as they should when presented with real face-to-face social interactions.</p>
		<p>It also can't be stressed enough how important being in the natural world is for young males. The natural world is beautiful, but also harsh and often unforgiving. Being outside and taking part in physical pursuits toughens the male and allows him to be in touch with his natural side, learning to deal with the elements, the environment and the challenges that environment presents to him. This is in direct contrast to the overly coddled environment where the spoilt and over indulged youth spends his time in warmth and comfort whilst immersed in a fantasy world on the screen in front of him.</p>
		<p>When the young males do go outside, the coddling follows them. Every form of physical activity has been tampered with and in some way pacified in the name of health and safety. At one time building rope swings, climbing trees and diving into rivers was the norm for any healthy young boy. Now these pursuits are off limits for fear of a grazed knee or bruised arm. Even the pursuit of playing conkers is now accompanied with a pair of safety glasses!</p>
		<p>The strong and outgoing nature that used to be common in young boys is now actively discouraged, but that very nature is what turned boys into strong and upstanding men. The brave young boy who was the first to try the rope swing was a hero amongst his pals, but now he would be admonished. The very message this imparts is one of weakness – a feminised message that robs young men of their natural urges and callings.</p>
		<p>Boys used to strive to become men. It was every young boy's dream to be acknowledged by his elders and accepted as a man. This ancient rite of passage is present in almost every culture. When Western man's ancestors formed their first tribes on the frozen plains of northern Europe they formed hunting parties and braved the elements to bring food back to their dwellings. When the young males came of age they were taken out by the older established males who taught them the ways of the tribe. The younger males learned to hunt as part of a group and their skills were honed by the older, more experienced, males.</p>
		<p>The younger males looked up to and admired the older males and their first hunt with the group was a rite of passage – the important juncture where the boy became a man. This passing down of masculinity helped the young male develop his superego by presenting him with role models that he looked up to and based his ideal self on.</p>
		<p>The young male would feel immense pride and a sense of belonging when he was accepted into the adult group and became one of the mature males of the tribe. This sense of belonging and acceptance gave him a huge sense of self-worth and self-esteem and made him feel like he belonged. This sense of pride and self-worth increased the strength of his bond to his tribe and his people, and thus helped him develop into a man who wished to protect and serve his own people and ultimately become a father and pass down the skills and morals that were once passed down to him.</p>
		<p>This trend of the son following the father and undergoing a rite of passage was something that continued throughout history right up until the West underwent deindustrialisation. When young men left school, they would often go to work in the traditional industry that was predominant in their town or city, and they would usually go to work with their father. These industries were strong and masculine industries that strengthened the male spirit and tested his body – mining, fishing, heavy industry and manufacturing. They were also industries that taught young men a skill or a trade, something that a young man could take pride in.</p>
		<p>The young man would look up to his father and wish to follow in his footsteps, and when he left school and went to work at his father's place of work in the industry that had provided for generations of his family, the boy would become a man. The young apprentice would take pride in learning a trade. He would feel that he was making a worthy contribution to his community, and contributing financially to his family. Ultimately, this would allow him to move on and start his own family.</p>
		<p>The young males were surrounded by older males who would teach them the skills they would need to hone in order for them to succeed in the workplace. These skilled males were in essence no different to the skilled hunters who led the hunting parties that welcomed the young men of the tribe when they came of age. The older males imparted skills to the young men and helped the young men build their superegos through the development of the ideal self. Just as thousands of years ago young men developed into adults and went on to teach future generations how to hunt, as time progressed young men became adults and taught future generations the skills they needed to succeed in the industry in which they worked.</p>
		<p>Finally, when the young man had cut his teeth at work, he was welcomed into the community pub where he could relax and share a well-earned drink with the men he had once looked up to but now worked alongside. There was no divisive generation gap that separated father from son; the son wished to be like his father and carry on his family traditions. This way of passing down the family lineage from father to son was central to the Western superego and tied the current generation to the past and in doing so created strong masculine men.</p>
		<p>With the decline of industry and the closure of Western manufacturing, many of the towns and cities built around those industries fell into ruin. Once proud men either languished on state benefits and sat at home drinking and smoking or were forced to 'retrain' in jobs they would have found humiliating and demeaning – both of these outcomes left many men feeling robbed of their pride. As the old industries declined, and working-class areas became sink estates, the local pubs closed and communities were left shattered.</p>
		<p>No longer did young men go to work with their fathers and undergo a rite of passage and become a man. A huge generation gap emerged where a father could not relate to his son and the son never became a man in his father's eyes. The strong masculine male was an individual with purpose and pride, a man who would go on to be a strong father and impart discipline and order to his children. But when robbed of that purpose and pride the male became weak.</p>
		<p>Young men watched their fathers waste away on the sofa, shadows of their former selves. Young men then adopted poisonous role models in lieu of their fathers and other strong males who would have shaped them in the workplace. The poor male role models presented to young men are very often weak, ineffectual and highly feminised males. As discussed earlier, these poor role models impart a defective superego to the young man searching for an image of an ideal self to work toward.</p>
		<p>The rotten role models presented by the enemies of the West showcase everything that is wrong with society. These so-called role models emphasise the pursuit of selfish hedonistic pleasure, push notions of rebellion against the elders in society and make fun of tradition and culture. The role models placed in front of young men are no longer warriors, explorers, captains of industry or inventors – they are metrosexual mixed-up men who blur the lines between male and female.</p>
		<p>Metrosexual men who own hair straighteners, wear make-up, dress in skinny jeans and spend hours in front of the mirror getting ready, do not build strong nations. That is not to say men shouldn't be well groomed and well presented. The well dressed, groomed and handsome man was the epitome of the Western male. Being well shaved, styling one's hair and wearing a sharp suit were something to be admired. But when men start wearing make-up, carrying handbags and dressing in clothes that are better suited to women, a line has been crossed and increasingly the Western male is now on the wrong side of that line.</p>
		<p>Just as the enemies of the West placed hedonists and feminists in front of young women to turn them away from their natural motherly calling, the enemies of the West placed feminised males in front of young men to break the strong Western man.</p>
		<p>We have discussed why strong males are important to Western society – they make good fathers, they build strong communities and they impart order and discipline which enables a strong superego to be imparted to the next generation. A strong shared superego helps a group to pass down their moral values and traditions from generation to generation – something that helps make a society cohesive, as a sense of shared heritage and tradition ties communities together and builds a strong culture.</p>
		<p>A strong male is also important to the natural and healthy female. A healthy female chooses to mate with the 'fittest' male. The fittest male is not defined by the modern meaning of the word 'fit', which relates solely to physical attractiveness. The fittest male is the best provider; he is strong and dominant and is a male that a female can imagine having children with. The female chooses the fittest male on his ability to provide for her and her children and on his ability to act as a protector, guardian, lover, provider and strong father.</p>
		<p>When a female chooses which partner she is to give herself to she is choosing a male with whom she seeks to form a lasting bond and raise children with. A female wouldn't choose a weak, sick or defective man, as that male would be unlikely to be able to give her everything she needed. Importantly, the female isn't looking for a man solely to provide for her own needs, but is looking for a man to provide for her unborn children. The Western female knew that through the harsh winters and the times of scarcity a strong male was needed to ensure her children survived. It was part of the Western female's motherly instinct to choose a strong male as a way of protecting her children.</p>
		<p>The female also looked at a prospective male partner and assessed whether his characteristics were something she would like to see expressed in her children. A healthy and strong male would likely father healthy and strong children. This selection process, where a female chooses the strongest mate, is highly natural and can be seen throughout the animal kingdom. Never does the natural and healthy female choose the defective or weak male to sire children with.</p>
		<p>These basic biological facts and evolutionary pressures are now working against Western man. As the Western male becomes weak and feminised, no longer presenting an image of strength and masculinity – healthy-minded Western females look elsewhere to find a mate. The enemies of the West know this and are all too quick to present the Western female with a 'better option' than the Western male. The future of Western man lies in the wombs of the Western female, but Western man has no future if the wombs of the Western female are occupied by the seed of a foreign people.</p>
		<p>Western females who do search for a strong and dominant male are increasingly looking toward other cultures and other racial groups to find that strong male. Other cultures who have not abandoned their traditions and ways of life become a false beacon of hope to these lost Western females who seek a strong alpha male that will provide for them and protect their children. Of course, this only serves to further decrease the Western birth rate and further seal the fate of Western man.</p>
		<p>What's more, as men from other cultures see the decline of the Western male, they increasingly target Western females as easy pickings. These men know the Western female will not be satisfied by the weak emasculated Western male and she will be instead attracted by the strength of a more dominant male that is part of a culture that is healthy and strong. So whilst feminists turn their backs on Western males out of a misguided hatred for men, those Western females who are still in tune with their natural instinct to find the fittest male also turn their backs on the Western male and choose to embrace foreign cultures in order to find a partner.</p>
		<p>With a lack of a strong father, a lack of strong male role models in the community and a tendency to hide indoors and shy away from social interactions with other youngsters, young Western males have become weak. Instead of being outdoors in a natural and healthy environment learning the rules of life and forming bonds with both nature and their peers, increasingly young boys hide away in their bedrooms playing out fantasies in a coddled and over sanitised environment.</p>
		<p>The feminisation of the Western male now starts from a young age and the destruction of purposeful and fulfilling employment and traditional rites of passage have ensured that the boy rarely becomes a man. Poor role models and a media that is intent on pushing the metrosexual male image further cement this feminisation process, imparting a warped vision of an ideal self upon young men that increasingly embrace traditionally feminine pursuits and who choose to present themselves and dress in an increasingly feminine manner.</p>
		<p>The reasons for the feminisation of the male are all too clear. A feminised male will never make a strong disciplinarian or authority figure and presents a weakened image of the West to men of other cultures. Western women who still have their natural instincts intact turn away from these weak Western males. Instead they seek solace in the arms of strong men from other more dominant cultures, further accelerating the falling Western birth rate.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West fear the strong Western male; that is why they are hell-bent on attacking the structures and ways of life that make the Western male strong. The feminised Western male is not the same man who created Western civilisation. Strong men create civilisations, and it takes strong men to defend them.</p>

</body>
</html>
