<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>2: The Importance of the Superego</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">2</span><br/>THE IMPORTANCE OF THE SUPEREGO</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The superego is the most complex part of the psyche. It makes us who we are and it constrains and regulates our natural urges. Without the superego we would simply be animalistic creatures who seek only to survive and pursue our natural instincts of satisfying whichever immediate pleasure we craved the most at any given time.</p>
		<p>The superego is different from the id and the ego in one key and defining manner – it is learned by an individual and passed down to future generations by parents and role models. It is not a natural instinct but a highly complex set of learned morals and values which guide the individual, helping the individual to rise above their base animal instincts and become a developed person.</p>
		<p>The id, as explained earlier is simply a set of natural drives or pleasure principles which demand satisfaction. We are not taught these and they are not learned; they are innate drives. They deal with immediate needs and wants on an almost animalistic level. The id is childlike and demands instant gratification.</p>
		<p>The ego is the reality principle, the part of the psyche that tells us if a course of action is safe and reasons with the id only on the grounds of safety and whether pursuing pleasure brings the individual into unnecessary danger. The ego does not reason with the id on grounds of right or wrong or on a moral basis; it is simply a way of stopping the id putting the individual in danger.</p>
		<p>The superego is the morality; it reasons with the id on a moral level and is thus the highest level of mental reasoning and mental development. It also follows that a developed superego or strong sense of morality across a group of people is actually the key to a smooth running and well-functioning society as a shared sense of morality is what binds any society together. When a strong superego is imparted to children, they grow up to be moral upstanding individuals who share a set of societal norms and morals which is the stuff that binds groups, communities and nations together.</p>
		<p>Without the superego we are little more than individuals who seek only to pursue pleasure and survive and strive only for ourselves – not for the good of a group or with an advanced social conscience. A society is held together by shared beliefs and a sense of moral duty. The closer the values are of those living in a community, the more cohesive that community will be and hence the more likely that community will work together toward common goals.</p>
		<p>A society or community that works together toward a common goal is one that succeeds and advances. A society made up solely of individuals who pursue their own selfish ends and goals is one that fractures into smaller interest groups – ultimately at its worst becoming a loose collection of disparate individuals who only want what is best for themselves.</p>
		<p>As stated earlier, the defining factor that makes the superego stand out from the id and ego is that it is learned. It is imparted by parents to their children – specifically and traditionally a strong and dominant male father figure has been the one to impart discipline, order and moral law to his children.</p>
		<p>In a natural, loving two-parent family, the father is often seen as the 'stern one', the one who hands down the punishments and who gives the moral lesson and is in effect an authoritarian figure. How many times have you heard a mother say – 'just you wait until your father gets home' – this is testament to the role of the father. When the child misbehaves, the father disciplines the child and instils a moral lesson into why one shouldn't behave in a certain manner.</p>
		<p>The mother imparts other things that help build the superego. She imparts love, compassion and empathy and more often than not is the parent a child decides to run to when hurt or upset. The mother is also an important role model for young females and plays a vital role in passing down female traits.</p>
		<p>Thus two-parent families, specifically ones with a strong father figure, have been the cornerstone of strong societies. Youngsters who have grown up with order and discipline from a strong father figure and love and compassion from their mother follow a path similar to that of their parents, choosing to emulate them and follow in their footsteps. Children from strong upstanding families are more likely to go on to be productive members of society and work toward the common good of that society by upholding existing moral codes.</p>
		<p>Whereas DNA passes down physical and biological traits from parent to child, the imparted superego is the way morality and shared values are passed down from generation to generation. A complete human being is not simply a group of cells and tissues, but also a highly mentally-complex life form that is able to pass down far more from generation to generation than simple biological traits.</p>
		<p>When parents pass down their superego to their children, they are passing down more than just morals. They are passing down who they are, their way of life, their traditions, their outlook, their heritage and generations of knowledge that bind the future generations to those of the past. This allows a sense of history and tradition to be retained and passed down to future generations.</p>
		<p>It is clearly advantageous for a society and the individuals that make up that society to have a sense of shared morality that stretches back over generations – as this not only binds people together but also helps form customs and traditions which build a rich heritage that helps strengthen society's bonds even further. This shared heritage binds the old to the new and allows traditions held dear by one's ancestors to live on and flourish in the modern day.</p>
		<p>Primarily the father and the mother are responsible for passing down these morals and traditions in the home, but strong societies also develop additional role models that help shape the young. Teachers, scout leaders, community figures, religious leaders and other upstanding role models all played a vital role in the development of young people. As young people grew up and left the home they found themselves surrounded by strong individuals who would impart advice, morality and discipline where necessary. These individuals are role models who would teach, nurture and ensure the next generation developed along the right path.</p>
		<p>Further to this there were other healthy role models that emerged on a national level – role models who emphasised hard work, diligence, dedication to a cause and strength. These role models were athletes, painters, writers, inventors, explorers, great military heroes, captains of industry and the men and women who built and shaped Western nations in a genuinely meaningful sense. These national role models were held up in schools and by the entire nation as beacons of virtue.</p>
		<p>The combination of a strong nuclear family with loving parents, additional role models within the community and outstanding national role models who excelled on an unprecedented level ensured that future generations would develop a strong and healthy superego.</p>
		<p>Just to recap, the superego is made up of two different facets – the conscience and the ideal self. The conscience is the part of the superego that makes us feel bad if we do something which conflicts with our moral code. The moral code is passed down by parents and other role models who directly imparted law, order and discipline as well as compassion and empathy.</p>
		<p>This allowed future generations to know right from wrong, but crucially to feel guilty when they thought of doing wrong. By making someone feel bad if they consider doing wrong, it moderates behaviour and prevents the wrongful act ever taking place. The feeling of guilt kept the id in check, so the natural drives of the id were always under the control of the superego which helped ensure people did the right thing, and when people do the right thing by one another societies are more cohesive and run more smoothly.</p>
		<p>The second part of the superego, the ideal self, is the vision we have of what we would like to be if we were at our best. Our ideal self is based on a perfect vision formed from different facets of people we look up to – our role models. So if a man's role models were healthy athletes, it is reasonable to assume that the ideal self would be a vision of strength, health and reach for sporting achievement. If the role model was an inventor or scientist then the ideal self would strive to be studious, hardworking and diligent. If the role model was a doctor then the ideal self would yearn to be patient, caring and understanding.</p>
		<p>An important part of the ideal self is also gained from a child's parents. So if a child comes from a loving family with a hard-working father, a caring mother and an orderly and disciplined home, that child would most likely wish to emulate that later in life. Again, the strong and positive role models – both in the home, the community and on a wider national level – caused young people to strive for a strong and developed ideal self that emulated the healthiest, most productive and the best examples that Western society had to offer.</p>
		<p>When individuals develop strong superegos and have shared morals it allows them to function as a society – a place where everyone looks out for one another and shares the same common values and goals. A strong superego also helps to create a strong vision of the ideal self, something noble to strive for. When a group of people have similar visions of an ideal self, or their visions of the ideal self have strong common facets, it is a recipe for a strong society and for community cohesion.</p>
		<p>Whilst the id or pleasure principle is constantly pushing us to pursue the things we enjoy and give in to our natural urges, a strong superego overrides this. Instead of simply chasing a life of hedonism, we search for higher meaning and forgo the calling of the id in order to achieve more and realise a higher form of being – an ideal self.</p>
		<p>So not only does the superego impart morality, it binds us together; it causes us to strive and to aim to attain more, something that moves society forward and causes it to develop and flourish. The superego also binds us to our past, to our heritage, traditions and ways of life. The developed superego ensures we move down the right path and continue the good work of our ancestors. One can clearly see that the mental building blocks of any civilisation are individuals with highly developed superegos. The notion of these shared ideals and moral values across Western society gives rise to the theory that whilst each individual has their own superego – the community also has its own societal superego. Society's shared morals, traditions and heritage are what bind us together and what society seeks to pass on to the next generation of that society, in effect giving rise to the notion of a collective consciousness or collective superego. Western man has developed his own distinct collective superego – the Western superego. The Western superego guides society and holds it together; it embodies Western tradition and culture and is the very root of Western heritage. From the Western superego sprang forth the great achievements that moulded and shaped the Western world.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West know that Western man's strength lies in the fact that he formed a strong culture and set of traditions which in turn allowed Western man to build a cohesive society that worked in such a harmonious manner that it built the greatest civilisations the world has ever known.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West also know that to assault Western civilisation and Western culture head-on would be fruitless and would invariably end in crushing defeat. However if the mind of the individual was attacked, if the individual superego was undermined, then eventually the Western superego too would be weakened. Once the Western superego was weakened, the very collective consciousness of Western man and the glue that bonded individuals together and made them a community would begin to falter, and the cohesive, strong and moral Western society would start to fracture.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have embarked on a mission to attack the psyche of Western man – their aim is to see the destruction of the Western superego in order to fracture Western society and bring about the fall of the West.</p>

</body>
</html>
