<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>1: The Id, the Ego and the Superego</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">1</span><br/>THE ID, THE EGO AND THE SUPEREGO</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The id, the ego and the superego are the three component parts of the human mind present in Freudian psychology. These three distinct parts of the mind (or psyche) interact with one another to influence the way we behave and moderate the way we go about interacting with our environment and other individuals within that environment. Freud argued that the id, the ego and the superego affect decision making and guide us on a particular path based on our needs and how we should go about satisfying those needs.</p>
		<p>Before each of these components are discussed and understood, it is important to realise why we must understand them. The id, the ego and the superego and the modern understanding of our psyche were developed by Sigmund Freud (born Sigismund Schlomo Freud; 6 May 1856 – 23 September 1939). Freud was an Austrian neurologist and is acknowledged as the father of psychoanalysis.</p>
		<p>Freud's work forms a basis for understanding how our minds work – and to understand the working of the mind is to understand how we as human beings work on a mental level and is the key to understanding what drives and dictates our actions. Once one understands how the complex human mind works, one can see how the working of the mind can be influenced and altered, and thus how the manipulation of the mind can be used to change the behaviour of an individual person or group of people.</p>
		<p>The key to understanding the mind would give any person or group of people a powerful advantage over others. This advantage would allow those people to use subtle and coercive techniques in order to not only influence the mind, but also to influence the behaviour of the people whose minds were being influenced. In effect, to understand the mind would unlock the secrets to controlling people – not through force, but through more devious and subtle means.</p>
		<p>Once the working of the mind is understood, an unscrupulous group could easily use this knowledge in order to place mental chains upon people or to unleash the worst mental aspects hidden within the psyche of those people in order to ensure their servitude or their destruction.</p>
		<p>Equally, to understand one's own mind and the way it works is to give the individual the key to the mental chains placed upon them. To understand one's own mind would be to understand how one could be manipulated and in turn how one could seek to avoid that manipulation.</p>
		<p>It is no secret that the Western world is in decline and it is also no secret that Western man has lost his way. Yet why is this – why has the once mighty Western man who explored and conquered the world been reduced to so little in such a short period of time? Popular explanations will range from and include government policy, liberalism, socialism, immigration and even factors like unemployment. These are all however external influences on Western man.</p>
		<p>The purpose of this book is to assert that it is not simply changes in Western man's government, it is not changes in the make-up of his homeland nor is it changes in his environment that have truly broken what made Western man great. It is in fact subtle and prolonged changes in Western man's mind that have taken place over the best part of a century that have altered the way in which Western man's mind works.</p>
		<p>This subtle manipulation of Western man's mind by his enemies – those who wish to see the West crumble – has altered the behaviour of Western man and has both robbed him of the traits that made him great and strong, and at the same time unlocked and fed negative traits in order to make him degenerate and weak. The enemies of the West have not attacked Western man in an overt and physical way, but in a devious series of attacks aimed at the mind.</p>
		<p>Only by understanding the way the mind works and by having one's eyes opened to the mental attacks on the Western psyche can one ever seek to steel themselves against those attacks. To understand the mind is the very first step in building that defence. By understanding the mind one can then learn how the mind is attacked and begin to see those attacks and hence start to be able to build a defence against them.</p>
		<p>To save the West and to save Western man, the quest begins in the understanding of what makes us who we are. This quest starts with the understanding of the id, the ego and the superego.</p>

		<h1 class="subheading" id="theid">The Id</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The id is the first part of our psyche; it is present from birth and constitutes our natural instincts and drives. These drives and instincts are inherited and present in every child. These drives are made up of the driving forces for life, drives such as the need to eat, the need to sleep, the need to drink and the wish to reproduce and satisfy our sexual needs.</p>
		<p>The id is the impulsive part of our psyche and thus it is subconscious. The id responds directly to instincts and thus unchecked it pushes the human mind toward rash and impulsive decisions in pursuit of immediate satisfaction.</p>
		<p>When the id is satisfied we experience pleasure, and when it is denied we experience displeasure, discontent or pain. Freud described the id as operating on the 'pleasure principle' which is the idea that every wishful desire of the id craves immediate satisfaction, regardless of the consequences.</p>
		<p>As such, the id is not affected by the realities of the everyday world. It does not on its own consider morality or logic or even physical safety; it is simply a primitive drive that seeks to satisfy basic needs and pleasures. It is often irrational and orientated toward the immediate moment and the satisfaction of whatever particular want is greatest at that moment.</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>To draw an analogy, the id is concerned with satisfying immediate drives and fulfilling the pleasure principle. Take in this example hunger. If the individual is hungry the id wishes to satisfy that hunger by obtaining food. The id only cares for satisfaction; it only cares for meeting that need as quickly as possible. Once the id sees its goal it will move to achieve that goal in a relentless and unconstrained manner until the hunger is satisfied.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">The id is the completely unconscious, impulsive, childlike portion of the psyche that operates on the 'pleasure principle' and is the source of basic impulses and drives; it seeks immediate pleasure and gratification.</p>

		<h1 class="subheading" id="theego">The Ego</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The ego is the next part of our psyche and constitutes what is referred to as the 'reality principle'. In effect, the ego moderates the id with a view to what is realistic. The ego too wishes for pleasure, it wants the id to be satisfied and wishes to pursue the natural drives and instincts, however it will moderate behaviour and often forgo the pursuit of pleasure if it means avoiding pain or negative repercussions.</p>
		<p>Essentially, the ego is concerned with creating a viable path to satisfy the id. It wishes to ensure that pleasure is obtained, but at the same time ensuring that any negative consequences of pursuing and attaining that pleasure are avoided. The ego is concerned with survival and is a realistic drive orientated toward problem solving.</p>
		<p>The ego is not however concerned with right or wrong. The ego does not care for morality; it cares simply to ensure the id is satisfied, but that such satisfaction is achieved without causing harm to the individual and thus compromising the continued survival of the individual.</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>To continue the analogy, if the id is hungry, the driving force is to desire and obtain food. The id will relentlessly pursue the goal of satisfying that need by obtaining food. If the id sees its goal and can obtain what it wishes for, the overriding force is to move to take that food and satisfy the immediate need. However the ego keeps the id in check and questions whether it is safe to pursue that goal. In this example of needing food, if the id desires food and sees a tasty steak it will move to claim that steak, but at the same time the ego will assess whether that move is safe and will not result in harm. If the steak is unguarded and can be claimed without causing harm to the individual, the ego will let the id pursue its goal. However if the steak is being guarded by a large vicious dog the ego will attempt to override the id and postpone the pleasure in order to protect the individual and promote long-term survival over immediate satisfaction.</i></b></p>

		<h1 class="subheading" id="thesuperego">The Superego</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The superego is the final part of the psyche. It is not based on natural drives or on reality – but instead based on morality. It is something that is learned and develops over time and is also something that is unique and differs between different cultures and racial groups as it is imparted by the community to the individual.</p>
		<p>The superego is primarily imparted by parents and strong role models within the community. The superego functions in order to control the impulses of the id and works to control those impulses within the moralistic framework of society based on the learned morals that have been imparted to the individual.</p>
		<p>Freud stated that the superego works on two separate levels – conscience and ideal self.</p>
		<p>The conscience makes the individual feel bad and punishes the psyche for giving in to the id. The conscience stops the individual doing things that society would deem wrong or negative in order to ensure the individual conforms to the norms of that society. The conscience is essentially what can be described as guilt or shame. If the id demands pleasure and that pleasure is something that harms others or breaks the moral boundaries that have been learned, then the superego prevents the individual acting toward that pleasure through feelings of guilt or feelings of shame for one's actions.</p>
		<p>The ideal self is the second part of the superego. We learn the superego from our parents and role models whom we ultimately wish to emulate and who help us form an imaginary picture of how we should be. We try to live up to those ideals and the actions of our role models to satisfy the ideal self. This has a two-pronged effect on the mind. If we fail to live up to the ideal self, again we feel guilt and shame and the psyche is punished. But the ideal self also feels pride, so when we do live up to the expectations of the ideal self and behave in a proper and moralistic fashion we feel proud of our actions and the psyche is rewarded with positive feelings.</p>
		<p>Thus the superego both punishes the individual and praises the individual in order to allow the individual to reason on a moral level.</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>In order to illustrate the effect of the superego and how it works alongside the id and the ego, we will again return to the analogy of feeling hungry. If the id desires food the natural instinct is to satisfy that hunger. If an individual is hungry and sees a child with a loaf of bread the pleasure principle kicks in and the id's natural impulse is to take the loaf of bread for itself. The ego, or reality principle, will be consulted – the child is weak and an easy target and presents no viable threat so the green light will be given for the individual to take the loaf of bread and satisfy the id. However the superego then kicks in – the learned moral values tell the individual it is wrong to steal, it is wrong to take from a child and it is wrong to physically dominate another in such a way. Feelings of guilt flow through the psyche and the superego stops the individual taking the bread despite the natural drive to satisfy hunger being present – because taking the bread is the morally wrong thing to do.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">The id, the ego and the superego work in this manner on a daily basis to keep us from making the wrong choices and to ensure our pleasures and natural drives are satisfied but in a way that doesn't endanger us or break the moral codes of the community in which we live.</p>
		<p>The understanding of the id, the ego and the superego is a basis for the understanding of our mind and of how it works. This model shows in a very basic fashion how we reason and how we make choices in our everyday lives. Make no mistake; the enemies of the West have used this understanding to undermine Western man.</p>
		<p>For Western man to ever break free and fight back, he too must understand the working of the mind and become immune to the ways in which his mind is being manipulated.</p>

</body>
</html>
