<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>21: False Salvation – Conservatism</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">21</span><br/>FALSE SALVATION – CONSERVATISM</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">When an individual begins to wake up and see that Western society is headed down the wrong path, that individual will naturally seek answers as to why this is the case. In their quest for knowledge, and eventually in their desire to combat the problems they see around them, they will often turn to conservatism. Conservatism is a political and social philosophy that promotes retaining traditional social institutions in the context of the culture and civilisation in which one lives. Obviously, as Western society continually advances down an increasingly degenerate path where the destruction of traditional institutions and the dilution of Western culture are actively promoted, conservatism seems like a natural ally to the beleaguered Western man.</p>
		<p>However nothing could be further from the truth. Conservatism is not an ideology of advancement or of progress – but merely one that is obsessed with clinging to and protecting the current status quo. Conservatism doesn't seek progress or to move society forward in a positive direction, but in fact simply seeks to retain what is currently in place. If one was to think of conservatism as a military strategy, it could be thought of as a strategy that was only concerned with occupying a line and defending that line against attack. To further this military analogy, conservatism is not concerned with advance, attack or counterattack – conservatism is simply concerned with the defence of a fixed position.</p>
		<p>Due to the nature of conservatism as an almost purely defensive strategy, it is doomed to failure, just as any military force engaged in a war would be doomed if all it concerned itself with was an endless defence against an unending assault. At some point in any conflict, after successful defences have been secured, any force that seeks victory must in fact counterattack and attack again and again until its enemy is driven back and ultimately smashed and defeated.</p>
		<p>Any military force that mounts a successful defence and then elects to simply sit back and wait for another attack on their position would be inviting their eventual defeat. For an army to sit back and wait for their enemy to attack and to allow that enemy to simply continue attacking is to allow that enemy the luxury of regrouping and improving their strategy. Over time that enemy will improve their strategy and will find weaknesses in the defenders' position and eventually – no matter how long it takes – will learn to exploit those weaknesses in order to achieve victory.</p>
		<p>It may take weeks, months or even years – but as time passes the attacks on the defenders' position will become increasingly effective and strike with increasing fervour until eventually the defenders' position will weaken and crumble. The defenders are then faced with defeat which gives them no choice but to fall back and regroup and form a new line of defence, but this time the line of defence is set deeper within their own territory. Over time this process leads to a war of attrition, more and more lines of defence crumble and more and more territory is lost until eventually, those defending the current line can't even remember the position they once occupied let alone dream of reclaiming it!</p>
		<p>This is exactly how the conservative operates in a political sense. The conservative only seeks to defend the current status quo and hold the current line or 'moral standpoint'; the conservative is only occupied with defending whatever his opponent chooses to attack and is not concerned with the larger political picture. The conservative sees the battle at hand and fights for the defence of what he or she sees as right and true, but does not see the larger picture of the war that surrounds that battle. As a consequence of the conservative's narrow view and defensive nature, in the long term the conservative is always doomed to fail.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West know the nature of conservatism and that is exactly why they approve so wholeheartedly of conservative parties and movements. In fact the enemies of the West make a concerted effort to direct into conservative movements those within Western society who have begun to wake up to the problems facing Western man. The enemies of the West are committed to victory, so ensuring those who seek to protect the West adopt a losing strategy is simply part of their long-term plan. For the enemies of the West – as we have seen earlier – do not defend their position; they constantly attack and constantly push the envelope of the degeneracy ever further.</p>
		<p>As the group that constantly attacks and is allowed to regroup and develop new strategies will constantly have the advantage over the group that simply chooses to defend a line, the enemies of the West know that their attacks will always eventually succeed and defeat the conservative. Eventually the conservative line will crumble and the enemies of the West will have made ever more ground in their unending assault on Western civilisation. Thus for the enemies of the West, it is always only a matter of time before their latest attack on Western man is successful.</p>
		<p>Earlier it was discussed how the acceptable norms in film and music have changed over time and how those acceptable norms have slowly become ever more degenerate. What was once outrageous is now seen as passé and what is now outrageous would have been wholly unacceptable or even unthinkable just a few years ago. This method of pushing the envelope of what is acceptable, which over time causes the established norm to become ever more degenerate and debased, is not simply limited to what is displayed by the media.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West attack Western society through a variety of different channels – one of them is social policy. The conservative will adopt a position on social policy of upholding the current moral status quo and the enemies of the West will then proceed to attack that status quo with the aim of breaking down another set of moral values and furthering the push toward degeneracy and moral decay.</p>
		<p>Over time, the conservative's position will face a relentless onslaught which will eventually force the conservative to concede on different points and give ground to his enemies, and social policy and acceptable moral norms will be constantly redrawn by those trying to destroy Western society and undermine its core values and social structures. This can be perfectly illustrated by examining social policy toward homosexuality in the United Kingdom and how in a few short years the political landscape surrounding that issue was forever changed.</p>
		<p>Up until 1967 it was illegal to carry out homosexual acts in the UK, even in private. However, in 1967, the Sexual Offences Act decriminalised homosexual acts between two men over twenty-one years of age in private in England and Wales. This was a watershed moment – and something many conservative-minded folk were unhappy with. However, the assault on the conservative position on homosexuality did not stop at simply decriminalising sexual activity between two consenting adults over the age of twenty-one, this was just the beginning.</p>
		<p>The conservative line that homosexuality should be illegal – even between two consenting adults – had been breached. Many would even say that the fall of this line was indeed reasonable, after all what two people do in their own homes as consenting adults (as long as they are not harming anyone) is their own business. But this was not the end of the matter, and those wishing to push the homosexual agenda on the West did not stop there.</p>
		<p>Throughout the 1970s an increasing number of pro-homosexual groups sprang into existence and the first ever gay pride festival was held in London with over one thousand people in attendance. The original line held by conservatives that homosexuality should be illegal was now long forgotten, and despite homosexual acts being legalised between consenting adults in the privacy of their own homes, the push was now for public displays of homosexuality to become accepted and normalised. The conservatives who had given ground were now having their new position assaulted and increasingly that position was looking untenable.</p>
		<p>This trend continued into the 1980s with an increased push for the normalisation and acceptance of those suffering from AIDS. Eventually the conservatives had to draw yet another line in the sand and erect another position to defend – this was Section 28. Section 28 was a law enacted in 1988 as an amendment to the United Kingdom's Local Government Act 1986, and stated that a local authority 'shall not intentionally promote homosexuality or publish material with the intention of promoting homosexuality', or 'promote the teaching in any maintained school of the acceptability of homosexuality as a pretended family relationship'.</p>
		<p>The conservatives had made their new position clear and sought to erect a line that would never be breached. Whilst now they were happy with homosexuality being legal and were happy for ever increasing public displays of homosexuality, they would not stand for it being promoted as a normal or natural alternative to the heterosexual nuclear family. This new defensive line was drawn and the enemies of the West had a new target – and by 1994 the cracks were already showing in the conservatives' defences as the legal age of homosexual consent was dropped from twenty- one to eighteen.</p>
		<p>In 2000 the assault on Section 28 intensified with legislation being drawn up to repeal the 1988 act. This was followed swiftly in 2001 by the lowering of the age of sexual consent for homosexual couples to sixteen – in line with that of heterosexual couples. The conservative line was now under heavy assault and cracks were showing everywhere – by 2002 it was enacted in law that homosexual couples could adopt children and the new homosexual family would be treated in the same way as the heterosexual family. In 2003 the line fell completely and Section 28 was scrapped; the conservative position had completely crumbled.</p>
		<p>In 2004 Britain saw legalisation passed that legalised same sex civil partnerships, and by 2014 it was legal for homosexual couples to marry. By this time the conservatives were no longer even putting up a fight. It had taken just forty-seven years for homosexuality to go from being illegal in Britain to becoming on a complete par with heterosexuality, and to be promoted as a completely acceptable norm with homosexuals even granted the right to marry and adopt children, forming their own twisted version of the nuclear family.</p>
		<p>This is of course just one example of how conservatives draw a line in the sand and defend a point only to see their line be pushed ever further backwards until they eventually see everything they once fought for smashed to pieces. What is worse is often the conservative position is forced back so far that conservatives can't even remember what they originally stood for in the first place. But the undeniable point that underlies all of this is that never once did the conservatives ever try to recapture the positions they had lost. Never once did the conservatives ever mount a counterattack or push forward to reclaim ground from their enemies.</p>
		<p>The purely defensive strategy employed by conservatives is fatally flawed – conservatives accept defeat and are all too ready to accept the new position forced upon them by their enemies. The new position the conservative adopts is of course not their own position, but one that has been largely dictated to them by their enemies. This new position then becomes gospel and the old position is forgotten – an embarrassing relic of the past. Hence the sermon that the conservative preaches is not their own, but a bastardised set of policies largely influenced and twisted by the hand of their enemies. By extension of this the conservative actually has disdain and disgust for fellow conservatives who talk of the old position – let alone those who would utter 'nonsense' about reclaiming that position. The conservative is now dancing to the tune of his enemies, so anyone who questions the new line or dares to suggest attempting to reclaim the old line is accused of not 'playing fair' and is henceforth excommunicated as an embarrassment or a heretic.</p>
		<p>To return to the analogy of the military force, it is like the conservatives are conducting their military operations under the 'rules of engagement' set by their own enemies. The convention for political battle that sets the parameters, the acceptable language and the guidelines for political discourse is not overseen by conservatives – but by their enemies. However the conservatives rush to eagerly sign up to this convention on political battle in an effort to prove they are 'decent folk' and are 'playing fair'.</p>
		<p>However there is no fair play; by signing up to rules of engagement that are dictated and drafted by your enemies you are effectively tying your own hands and limiting your own ability to fight. Conservatives always find themselves hampered because they have accepted rules that are designed to ensure that the conservative loses. The reason that conservatives do this is because they don't want to be seen by anyone as the 'bad guys' – they want to be seen to 'play fair'.</p>
		<p>Conservatives adhere to these rules of 'fair play' not to impress their own supporters, but in a vain attempt to please the enemies of the West and those who support twisted anti-Western agendas. To seek to please those who wish to destroy you and defeat you in battle is a fatal flaw, and one that seals the fate of the conflict before it has even started. Essentially the way the conservative adheres to the rules laid out by his enemies could be likened to a boxer entering the ring with one hand tied behind his back.</p>
		<p>This all serves to highlight another fatal flaw at the heart of conservatism – cowardice. The conservative is a craven coward who is desperate to be judged as a good person not just by his own supporters, but by those who are in fact his enemies. The conservative cares what others think of him regardless of whether they are friend or foe – and this fatal flaw leads to the conservative adopting the speech, the standards and the very moral code of those that he fights against in a vain effort to please those who seek to destroy everything he holds dear and everything he fights to protect.</p>

</body>
</html>
