<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>5: The Rise of the Id and the Fall of Western Man</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">5</span><br/>THE RISE OF THE ID AND THE FALL OF WESTERN MAN</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The id is the completely subconscious, impulsive, childlike portion
of the psyche that operates on the pleasure principle and is the
source of basic impulses and drives; it seeks immediate pleasure and
gratification. The id has no conscience and no view toward the
wider good of society. The id only cares for the immediate short-
term needs of the individual.</p>
<p>It is clear then why the id needs to be controlled – why it must
be kept under the watchful guard of a developed superego. If the id
was to triumph and have complete control over the psyche, the
individual would be reduced to an animalistic beast that lived only
for the immediate pleasure of the moment and have no conscience
for the wider good of the community.</p>
<p>The enemies of the West know all too well how the human
mind works and are using this knowledge against Western man –
they seek quite simply to free the id from the constraints of the
developed superego. By freeing the id, the enemies of the West seek
to reduce Western man to a group of self-interested individuals,
who when placed within the wider confines of a multicultural
society do not have the group consciousness or cohesive nature
necessary to survive as a distinct people or cultural group.</p>
<p>Let's look carefully at how this could happen: Imagine a
group of people who were once a homogenous and tight-knit
community – a people with an advanced set of morals and values
that had developed into deep rooted and highly complex traditions
and a long illustrious heritage. We know that those people would
pass down their morals and values from generation to generation as
parents and role models helped to impart a developed superego into
the next generation of society.</p>
<p>Now imagine if over a period of forty or fifty years a
generation gap occurred, a gap that prevented the superego being
handed down from one generation to the next. Imagine if parental
control over the young and the structures within a society broke down meaning that the young grew up without discipline or positive
role models. Imagine what would happen to those people if they no
longer constrained their id with a strong and moral superego.</p>
<p>Imagine if that group of people stopped passing down their
traditions and cultures and instead the young were left without a
sense of the heritage that had held those people together as a
community for all those previous generations. This would surely not
only destroy the individual superego, but also the shared morals and
values that exist within a cohesive community.</p>
<p>Imagine if the group that was losing its sense of community
and was losing its community-wide superego lived within a
multicultural society, and was surrounded by other groups and
other cultures – all of whom sought to retain their culture and
heritage and remain as individual and distinct cohesive groups.</p>
<p>The group that possessed the weakened superego, and the
group which was composed of individuals more likely to give in to
their individualistic needs and wants and their basic primal drives
for selfish pleasure, would lose its sense of cultural homogeny and
as a result that group would fracture. The individuals within that
group would pursue individualistic needs that would put the very
existence of the group at risk.</p>
<p>This is the fate of Western man. Western man has allowed
millions of immigrants into his homeland, immigrants who have
a culture, a sense of togetherness and who wish to retain their
moral values and sense of community. These immigrants still
retain their superego and pass it down from generation to
generation. These immigrants cluster together as distinct
communities and seek to retain their culture, heritage and
religious practices. At the same time, Western man has slowly
seen his superego become weakened and distorted. The
consequence of which is that the id has increasingly been allowed
to dominate the Western psyche.</p>
<p>Western man has become increasingly individualistic and
Western communities have become fractured and disparate. The
bonds that held Western communities together and the trust and
love between Western man and his brothers have been broken as
successive generations have followed the need for immediate selfish
pleasure above the need to protect the group and do what is best for
Western society. As the individual's superego has slowly weakened,
so has the sense of community consciousness.</p>
<p>This is the aim of the enemies of the West – to unleash the id
and see Western man be reduced to mere animalistic beasts –
animalistic beasts that could neither build nor defend a civilisation.
The promotion of animalistic desires and instant gratification is of
course not something the enemies of the West find difficult to push
upon Western man – after all, how difficult can it be to persuade
people to have fun and let their obligations and cares drift away?</p>
<p>It is even easier to convince someone that the path of
hedonism is the correct route to take when their moral compass has
been smashed. But how have the enemies of the West gone about
smashing the Western moral compass? The enemies of the West
have smashed Western morality and values in numerous devious
ways, all of which undermine a different key facet of Western
society.</p>
<p>Western man has witnessed the rise of the fatherless family, a
place where children are brought up without the advice, order and
discipline provided by a strong father figure – a place where mothers
abandon their offspring to go partying. These women then go on to
have children by multiple men in a desperate search to satisfy the id's
craving for sexual hedonism. These children are then often left to be
brought up by the television and end up lacking both a conscience
and a healthy image of an ideal self.</p>
<p>Western man has witnessed the destruction of the
safeguards in Western society. Western schools and community role models are now powerless to dispense any form of discipline and
children run wild – instead of developing a superego, the child
simply does as it pleases and learns the fatal message that happiness
and instant satisfaction are all that matters.</p>
<p>Western man has seen his role models go from being great
men and women who shaped society in selfless and awe-inspiring
ways, to being drunks, cheats, drug users and degenerates. Young
people idolise false role models who constantly give them the
message that all that matters is to 'party' and have 'fun', that living for
the 'now' and the 'self' is all that counts – and after all, if it doesn't feel
good, why do it? The sense of ideal self that is imparted by these role
models is now a twisted version of what the ideal self should be and
children grow up with a warped sense of what is right and what
should be strived for.</p>
<p>Natural barriers and boundaries have been broken down and
the natural order of things has been turned on its head. Feminism
has created a world where the woman who follows her natural
instincts and becomes a loving and caring mother who nurtures her
children is looked down upon and scorned. As a result children are
now left without a loving mother – the very person who imparts
conscience and guilt.</p>
<p>Feminism has attacked the two-parent family, telling the
woman she doesn't need to stay with the man she fell pregnant to
and that a father isn't important. This has left the Western world
with children who don't have a father, with young men that grow up
believing they don't need to be a father and young women who grow
up believing they 'don't need a man'.</p>
<p>Feminism has pushed wome into the workplace, and the
natural and fulfilling roles of being a mother and homemaker have
been pushed to one side. Women are encouraged to follow
masculine career paths and engage in futile attempts to outperform
their male counterparts. This leaves the Western female with a reduced birth rate as women pursue material goals rather than the
spiritual ones that have served Western man so well for generations
and have held Western society together.</p>
<p>As a direct consequence of feminism the male has become
emasculated. The male is no longer the alpha, the provider and the
strong cornerstone of the family or the community. The male now
cowers beneath his female; he begs, cries and fails to satisfy her as
the natural gender roles have been reversed. Young men have
increasingly become the weaker sex as they have failed to learn
order, discipline and strength due to an absence of a strong father
figure or other strong male role models.</p>
<p>The Western mind has been corrupted and the Western body
has been broken and grown obese and useless. Western spirituality
has been lost and replaced with wanton materialism. But most
shockingly, the Western heart has faded and the bravery and
courage that Western man showed in abundance when defending
his people is now a thing of the past.</p>
<p>Rather than being a strong group with cultural, racial and
moral bonds – strong traditions and a rich heritage – Western man
has given in to the pull of hedonistic individualism where people
live for themselves and the immediate pleasure they can gain in the
short term.</p>
<p>As the Western superego has weakened, the id has been
unchained. As the id is no longer constrained the individual lives for
selfish pursuits and immediate satisfaction – whether that is food,
sex, alcohol, material wealth or drugs. Is it any wonder that those
who come to Western shores and see Western man engaging in such
debased and degenerate acts then view the Western world as a place
that is ripe to be taken and conquered?</p>
<p>Western man's hedonistic lifestyle is the physical
embodiment of the rise of the id. But with the rise of the id comes
the fall of Western man. The oft heard phrase; 'fiddling as Rome burns' seems apt. But in a more modern sense – Western folk are
partying, drinking and having endless promiscuous encounters as
Western civilisation crumbles and the West is slowly colonised by
an endless stream of culturally hostile immigrants.</p>
<p>The rise of the id is present before the collapse of any
civilisation. Every great nation or civilisation that has collapsed
has embraced the cult of individualism, and the individual has
been increasingly motivated by the pursuit of endless and
immediate pleasure.</p>
<p>This is of course exactly what the enemies of Western man
have planned. The enemies of the West understand the complex
working of the human mind and realise that to break a community
and turn that community into a group of disparate individuals all
that needs to be done is to convince those people to give in to their
immediate desires.</p>
<p>Even with immigration and multiculturalism, the enemies
of the West knew that Western man would still have a fighting
chance of survival – in fact better than a fighting chance. Even if
Western man was outnumbered by hostile cultures and peoples, as
long as Western man retained his own culture and sense of
community he could always fight back – and if history has taught us
one thing, it is that Western man would likely have prevailed.
It was not merely enough to flood the Western world with
different groups of immigrants who viewed the West with envious
eyes. The enemies of the West knew that the Western community
spirit – the Western superego – must also be broken in order to
ensure there would be no fight back or resistance.</p>
<p>The last thing Western man will see is the look of insane
mirth upon the faces of the Western revellers as Western
civilisation, culture and traditions collapse and are lost forever.
Thousands of years of heritage will be lost in a matter of decades as
the last generations of Western man compete in a desperate struggle to live for the moment and satisfy their every primal need with no
thought for the future or the wider consequences their actions might
have for the West.</p>
<p>The enemies of the West know that the rise of the id precedes
the fall of Western man, and they sit rubbing their hands and biding
their time as the final days of the West rapidly approach.</p>

</body>
</html>
