<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>22: False Salvation – Libertarianism</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">22</span><br/>FALSE SALVATION – LIBERTARIANISM</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">Western society was once a perfect society and the underlying force that creates a 'perfect society' is the cohesiveness of the people that make up that society. A group of people must have a strong set of shared morals and values in order to function as a community. These shared morals and values are what enable a group of people to develop a community consciousness. The community consciousness within Western society has been termed the Western superego. Once a group of people has developed a community consciousness, the individuals that make up that community can work together in harmony and are able to achieve more as a group than they ever could have achieved alone.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West seek to undermine the cohesive nature of Western society and have done so in many devious ways that have already been discussed at length. The final push of the attack on the West is one that seeks to ensure a cohesive society no longer exists, and that Western man pursues individualism rather than the goal of a homogenous community. A group of disparate individuals all focusing on their own needs do not function as a community. As such, a disparate group of individuals would be far easier to conquer than a cohesive community which is able to pull together for the greater good.</p>
		<p>Bearing this in mind, it is curious that some of those who are supposedly committed to traditionalism and the defence of Western culture have adopted libertarianism as a way in which to seek to defend traditionalism and Western culture. Libertarianism has been seen by some as the perfect defence against the enemies of the West and a way to ideologically undermine the attacks that are aimed at Western civilisation.</p>
		<p>Libertarianism (Latin: <i>liber</i>, 'free') is a political philosophy that upholds liberty as its principal objective. Libertarians seek to maximize autonomy and freedom of choice, emphasizing political freedom, voluntary association and the primacy of individual judgment. Ultimately, Libertarianism can be boiled down to the following short principle: everyone has the right to do as they wish as long as they don't infringe on the rights of others.</p>
		<p>Libertarianism can clearly be seen as individualistic and favours the rights of the individual above the notion of a community or a state. But therein lays the problem – if individualism and the destruction of a cohesive community is the bane of the West, the West's salvation surely cannot be found in the embrace of a political ideology that at its heart values individualism above the good of the community.</p>
		<p>The draw of libertarianism is simple – it sounds like the most perfect and fair standpoint that one can take, and thus appears on the surface very difficult to argue with. After all, what is more fair and just than allowing each person to follow their own will and maintaining a state where everyone tolerates one another despite their different political, cultural or religious affiliations? But 'tolerance' is one of the dubious virtues that got Western man into the dire situation he faces today. In fact, Aristotle said it best: 'Tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society'.</p>
		<p>It is Western man's tolerance of the degeneracy that is pushed upon him that has undermined Western culture and has led to the decline of the West. The same tolerance that has damaged the West is at the heart of libertarianism, a tolerance that meekly states that we should all have the right to live our lives the way we see fit. But is it not right to be intolerant of things that appal you? Is it not right to be intolerant of the things that threaten your loved ones, your family and your community? Is it not right to be intolerant of the things that ultimately threaten your very way of life and that threaten Western civilisation itself?</p>
		<p>Tolerance isn't a virtue and it certainly isn't something that Western man should embrace. Tolerance is a key part of the mindset that has allowed the enemies of the West to get as far as they have. In fact tolerance is one of the favoured buzz words used by the enemies of the West and is often deployed to silence criticism of anti-Western social policy and the degeneracy that has engulfed Western civilisation. Libertarians also like to make use of the word tolerance. In doing so they smugly believe they are using a form of 'mental judo' whereby they make use of the words and phrases created by the enemies of the West for their own ends. This mental judo is an attempt to ensnare the enemies of the West in their own traps and tie them up with their own logic.</p>
		<p>After all – if traditionalists and conservatives must be tolerant of every degenerate fad and subculture, surely those who partake in those degenerate fads and subcultures must repay the favour and be tolerant of the traditionalists and conservatives? This almost sounds good, and to the less discerning reader it may sound like a viable plan of defence against the enemies of the West. What could be cleverer than to use the structures and 'game rules' created by the enemies of the West in order to win the game? To turn those rules against the very people who created them, essentially forcing the enemies of the West onto their own swords, would surely be a sound plan.</p>
		<p>Sadly, to believe that the battle for the Western mind can be won by playing within the rules laid out by those who wish to destroy Western civilisation is at best wishful thinking and at worst utterly naïve. By agreeing to tolerate degeneracy – on the condition that those who follow that degeneracy in turn tolerate decency – is a recipe for disaster. By tolerating degeneracy and agreeing to live in a society where that degeneracy is prevalent, you are agreeing to immerse yourself in the filth rather than aiming to create something better.</p>
		<p>Imagine owning a sharp new suit. You want to wear your suit and obviously you want to keep the suit clean and in good condition. Now imagine you are forced to wear it in a sewer. It would not matter how hard you tried, how much painstaking effort you went to in order to preserve the suit – if you were surrounded by filth and grime, eventually the suit would be covered in filth and grime too. The point is, if you're living in the sewer – eventually you're going to get covered in faeces – not the most pleasant of analogies, but one that perfectly fits the ideology of libertarianism.</p>
		<p>Take this analogy and extrapolate it to a real world scenario. You live on a street with your wife and children. You are a traditionalist; you believe in God, your own Western culture, the nuclear family and you believe that traditional Western morality is what any healthy society should embrace. However your neighbours to one side are a homosexual couple with an adopted Somalian child, and they believe in throwing large parties for their promiscuous group of friends. Your neighbours to the other side believe in recreational drug use, hedonism and have an open relationship and indulge in regular sex parties. Your neighbour across the street is a single mother with seven different children to six different men; her children are never disciplined, her house lies in ruin and her children regularly wander around in a dirty and dishevelled state.</p>
		<p>But under libertarianism, all of that is fine and should be tolerated. As long as your neighbours all respect your right to live as you wish and raise your children the way you want, you should respect their right to do the same. But does that really sound like a healthy and pleasant way to live and raise a family? Would an upstanding Western family really want to be surrounded by the kind of degeneracy depicted earlier? Of course not! To bring one's family up around those kind of influences, despite whether they were openly hostile toward your family or not, would be suicidal.</p>
		<p>To tolerate your family living in that situation would not make you a good or strong person; it would make you negligent. It would be no different to the man living in the sewer wearing his new suit – eventually the filth would end up corrupting what was once pristine and perfect. The influences that surround you go on to affect and shape you – this is especially true for young people. As we have discussed at length, this is exactly why the enemies of the West seek to target the young with such subversive and damaging material.</p>
		<p>But mutual tolerance and acceptance is the cornerstone of a libertarian society, so anything good and wholesome can be surrounded by anything that is degenerate and twisted – as long as both agree to accept and respect each other. The effect of this is clear: the wholesome family would slowly be subverted and twisted as that family would be surrounded and influenced by everything that is rotten and harmful.</p>
		<p>Aristotle did not only attack the dubious virtue of tolerance, but he also attacked apathy. Apathy however seems to be the other key 'virtue' of the libertarian ideology. For an individual to allow the sickness on his doorstep to go unchallenged would be very revealing. To be surrounded by degeneracy and to not want to do anything about that degeneracy is negligent. But libertarianism is more concerned with self than with community, so as long as everyone agrees to respect each other's choices, the libertarian must allow those who have been led down the wrong path to continue indulging in damaging behaviour. This is the opposite of what should occur in any healthy community. When a conscientious individual sees something wrong within their community, they should not only refuse to tolerate that wrong, but also seek to fix it.</p>
		<p>The key to Western society is community – and libertarianism isn't about community; it is an abstract political ideology concerned with promoting the good of the individual in a desperate attempt to ideologically outdo those who wish to destroy Western man. If you were to reverse the nightmarish situation in the neighbourhood described earlier and instead your neighbours were all functioning nuclear families, one father was the local pastor, one mother was the local Girl Guide leader, another father was the local tennis coach and so on – surely that would be a better situation in which to live and bring up a family – a homogenous society where everyone is an upstanding individual.</p>
		<p>Your children would not only have a healthy home life where strong role models imparted moral values and traditions to them – but the same would also be true outside of the home. Wherever your children went on your street they would see similar nuclear families, strong parents, well-behaved children, clean homes and strong adult role models. That kind of society is what made Western civilisation strong and what helped generation after generation of young people develop their superego.</p>
		<p>That is of course what Western man should be aiming for – a return to the strong homogenous values and community bonds that built Western civilisation. Libertarianism doesn't strive for that; instead it is a weak cry of 'if I leave you alone and tolerate you, will you leave me alone and tolerate me?' It is like the cry of a beaten and defeated man who can take no more and simply begs for some form of truce or stalemate in order to hold onto the last scraps of what he once fought for. This cry is not the cry of the warrior, and it is not the cry of the man who seeks to win the war and drive out his enemies. It is the cry of the man who simply wishes to be left alone hoping that whilst Rome burns his house doesn't catch fire.</p>
		<p>Whilst conservatives stand together and hold a line, nervously moderating their speech and political message in a vain attempt to appeal to their enemies, libertarians have a different but equally suicidal tactic. The libertarians cry that as long as they are left alone as individuals to pursue whatever they wish, the enemies of the West can do as they wish and live as they want and promote what they see fit. Both ideologies lead to only one eventuality – defeat for Western man.</p>
		<p>Inevitably the conservatives' moral line collapses and they are pushed back, slowly over time becoming everything they once stood against. Whilst the libertarian does not see his position collapse, he does face an equally grim fate. Over time the libertarian stands as an increasingly isolated voice of sanity in a sea of madness, simply watching as everything he loves is engulfed by everything he hates, forlornly trying to stand against the tide whilst equally claiming to tolerate the very tide that seeks to sweep him away.</p>
		<p>Libertarianism is another ideology that is tolerated by the enemies of the West. Libertarianism is not smiled upon in the same way as conservatism, as libertarianism does throw up more problems for those who seek to destroy Western civilisation. But nevertheless, the enemies of the West know that libertarianism is not a winning strategy for Western man.</p>
		<p>Earlier, the conservative was likened to the cliffs that line a beach. The cliffs stand strong and tall and look immovable, but over a period of time they are reduced to nothing and washed away by the tide. The cliffs never make progress, they never rebuild, they are simply eroded by the sea until they are merely sand on the beach. Eventually the once mighty and imposing cliffs are just a memory and everything that they once were is gone.</p>
		<p>If the conservative was seen as the cliffs, the libertarian can be viewed as the rocky outcrop that stands strong even after the sea has washed away the other rocks and pushed the line of the cliffs further back inland. The libertarian is the proud shard of stronger rock that still stands tall even though it is surrounded by the sea. However, that shard of rock is isolated and completely cut off from the mainland, ultimately standing without purpose as the sea keeps on advancing regardless of its stand. Eventually the outcrop falls; it might have stood longer than the rest of the line of cliffs, but it has not halted the advance of the tide.</p>
		<p>Of course that is the key reason why the enemies of the West tolerate libertarianism – they know that one or two dissenting voices who pledge to 'tolerate' the degeneracy are simply like outcrops of rock that stand in the sea – isolated and ineffective. The enemies of the West understand that the key to Western society is Western man's community consciousness. The key to Western society is a sense of underlying homogenous moral values and traditions that build the Western superego. Libertarianism focuses on the individual, the very opposite of what Western man needs to focus on.</p>
		<p>The libertarian will argue that retaining one's own individuality and strength is the key to defeating the enemies of the West. The libertarian will claim that over time when the weaker individuals in society slowly descend into madness, and their lifestyle ultimately leads to their own demise, the strong and moral individuals will be all that will remain as a shining beacon of hope that will lead to the rebirth of the West. This is of course wishful thinking – and crucially would only apply in a society that was made up of one homogenous group that had simply fractured over time.</p>
		<p>However, Western man does not live in a homogenous perfect society, and due to mass immigration Western man is now surrounded in his own homeland by numerous different cultures and religions which have not succumbed to the same drive for individuality as Western man has. These other cultures that have retained their homogeneity will eventually grow and engulf more and more of the Western world. Foreign cultures that have emigrated to the West have retained their strength and community spirit, at the same time Western man has embraced individualism and is being out-bred, leaving no chance of a miraculous rebirth. So no matter how strong the libertarian's stand is against degeneracy, as an isolated individual he can never fight back against demographics – only a large and cohesive community can mount that fightback.</p>
		<p>The libertarian may have an ideological position that enables him to win a few moral debates against the enemies of the West; however libertarianism still leaves Western man in a poor predicament. When Western man faces other cultures that have settled in his homeland, he does so as a disparate group of individuals. Despite the libertarian managing to stay true to his beliefs and hold on as a moral beacon in a sea of filth, that one lone beacon cannot stand against a strong and united community. Only if Western man stands as a cohesive community can he stand against the potential threat of a foreign community within his own borders that seeks aggressive expansion and growth.</p>
		<p>Never forget, the reason Western civilisation scaled such magnificent heights is because the individuals who made up Western society worked as one, which allowed them to achieve more than they could from simply working alone. Western society was truly more than the sum of its parts. Individuals may develop great inventions – but it is a cohesive society that puts those great inventions into production. That same society can then put those inventions to use on a grand scale, allowing those inventions to make a difference that can shape the world.</p>
		<p>The libertarian stands alone or in a small and isolated group. Regardless of what the libertarian creates or invents, he doesn't have the will of a great society to ensure his creations reach their maximum potential. What's more, the libertarian also lacks the strong and powerful community needed to protect his creations. Libertarians do not build great cities or raise great armies to protect those cities. Should the individuals who make up Western society embrace libertarianism – who does the onus then fall upon when it comes to protecting Western society?</p>
		<p>Does the libertarian cravenly fall to his knees in front of an invading force and beg 'leave me and my family alone and we shall tolerate you and your new laws and ways'? How does this compare with the men of the West who showed their Western heart by standing against overwhelming numbers in order to protect the community from which they came? But crucially, the individual cannot stand against a cohesive invading force – and this is a fact the enemies of the West know all too well.</p>
		<p>Ultimately, just like conservatism, libertarianism is simply the slow and creeping death of the West. It does not offer a solution to the death of the Western superego – nor does it offer a solution to the endless torrent of attacks perpetuated by the enemies of the West. Libertarianism simply offers a weak cry for those who wish to be left alone, in hope that in being left alone they may live out their days in the way they see fit. Libertarianism does not care for the very community that built Western civilisation; it is a selfish ideology that centres on the individual and his or her own personal will to survive.</p>
		<p>The libertarian simply ensures the survival of himself and his immediate family without thinking of the greater good of the community. If the libertarian does ensure his own survival, what shall be his prize and his legacy? Quite simply he will survive to bear witness to the last days of the West. The libertarian can stand and watch as Western civilisation crumbles, knowing that he is the last of his kind – that is his reward for his selfish nature. The libertarian will have to live with the fact that he tolerated all that was evil in order to secure an easy life for himself and his immediate family.</p>
		<p>Tolerance and apathy are not virtues; tolerance and apathy are exactly what the enemies of the West wish for Western man to embrace. Tolerance is the ability or willingness to tolerate the existence of opinions or behaviour that one dislikes or disagrees with. Apathy is a lack of interest, enthusiasm or concern. These two 'virtues' are the mental sicknesses that have allowed Western man to sit in silence and do nothing as the vile degeneracy pushed by the enemies of the West has become ever more commonplace within Western society. To tolerate those that wish to destroy you, and to do nothing about the damage they inflict upon you, is not a virtue but a sin against yourself and your people.</p>
		<p>To defeat the enemies of the West, Western man must rise again as a community and not only refuse to tolerate the sickness pushed upon him, but actively strive to combat that sickness and fight for a brighter and healthier future.</p>

</body>
</html>
