<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>10: The Role of Feminism – The Destruction of the Family Unit</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">10</span><br/>THE ROLE OF FEMINISM – THE DESTRUCTION OF THE FAMILY UNIT</h1>

<<<<<<< HEAD
		<p class="noindent top">The nuclear family is the cornerstone of Western society; it is central
to the Western way of life. The family bond originated out of
evolutionary pressure; Western man was forced into lasting
partnerships in order to both defend and raise his children.
Individuals who decided to give up on their partners inevitably saw
their offspring perish and their genetic lines erased, however those
couples who stuck together and worked as a family unit to ensure
the survival of their offspring saw their children survive and mature
and their genetic line carried on.</p>
		<p>The coming together of man and woman was then enshrined
in religious and state law. As individuals grouped together as tribes
and tribes became nations, state and religious law sought to sanctify
marriage and set the couple and the nuclear family above all else – a
bond for life and one that should not be broken lightly. The
importance of this family unit has been discussed extensively in the
context of the significance of a two-parent family and the effect of
both a mother and father being present when raising children.</p>
<p>We have discussed the importance of the strong father and
the loving mother in the upbringing of children and how a two-
parent family is crucial to the successful mental development of the
child and most importantly in imparting the superego to the next
generation. We have also discussed how in the West, the once strong
family unit is now under attack, how divorce is on the rise and how
children are increasingly being brought up in single parent homes.
The effect of the loss of a strong father figure and disciplinarian in
the home is quite clear to see.</p>
<p>It has also been discussed that the weakening of the
superego has allowed the id to run free which has led to a rise in
the number of divorces as both men and women choose to shirk
the moral duties of bringing up their children as a couple, instead
choosing to pursue a selfish path of individualism and pleasure.
Along with the drive for individualism and pleasure, the enemies
of the West have also mounted other attacks on the family unit,
one of them being feminism.</p>
<p>Feminism operates under the guise of equality – that man
and woman should be equal, when in fact men and women are not
equal but different. Men and women make up a complementary
pair and when together form a unit that is more than the sum of its
parts. A happy home is supported by both a mother and a father, but
the input of the father and the input of the mother are both markedly
different, yet equally important.</p>
<p>Feminism sets up a dichotomy where men and women are
natural enemies – it attacks the natural order of society and seeks to
create a war between the sexes. Feminists seek to create a false battle
where women need to overcome and dominate the males around
them. Feminism is not a progressive movement that seeks to free
women, but a divisive ideology that wishes to separate men and
women from their natural roles as partners and instead seeks to set
them against one another.</p>
<p>Make no mistake, feminism is an ideology of hate – hate for
natural, strong masculine males, but also hate for the natural loving
and feminine female. It is an ideology that seeks not equality, but for
the female to dominate the male on his own grounds. It is an
ideology that wishes to transform the female from being a natural,
loving and compassionate individual into little more than a poor
substitute for a man. Feminism seeks to break down natural
boundaries and turn natural gender roles on their head. However
these natural boundaries and gender roles are some of the founding
blocks that served to build Western civilisation.</p>
<p>The drive for feminism within the West has had profound
effects – not only does it lead to the death of the loving mother, but
it also increasingly leads to the destruction of the family unit.
How can man and woman come together as a complementary
pair, as lovers, friends and partners, when they are being set

against each other as if they were natural enemies? The whole
overarching thought process behind feminism sets men up as the
natural enemy and oppressor of the female – and who in their
right mind would choose to settle and form a lifelong bond with
their enemy and oppressor?</p>
<p>The whole basis of modern feminism is built around one
central belief – that society is one big 'patriarchy' – a social system
where men have the upper hand and control the running of
society, to the detriment of females who are subservient to the
authority of the male, and are in effect little more than slaves to
their male counterparts.</p>
<p>In the feminist's thought process it logically follows that if
the woman is oppressed by the male, if she is nothing more than his
slave and marriage is just a way of state and religious law ratifying
that slavery for life, then women should reject marriage.</p>
<p>Following this rather radical line of thought is the even more
extreme idea that we live in a world where 'rape culture' is prevalent.
In feminist theory, rape culture is a concept in which rape is
pervasive and normalised in the West due to societal attitudes about
gender and sexuality. In essence, rape culture is the bizarre theory
that all men are potential rapists and rape is something men see as
healthy. The theory of rape culture also states that men use rape as a
tool to exert control and power over females within society.</p>
<p>This bizarre set of beliefs would be laughable – if they
weren't so dangerous and weren't influencing the minds of so many
young women in Western society. Once young women buy into this
warped theory, it is little or no wonder that the family unit becomes
the first and most obvious casualty. The notion that women are
essentially slaves to men, held in servitude by the threat of rape no
less, is hardly a notion that is going to endear women to men.
Now extrapolate that idea – women are told that they are
slaves and they live under the constant threat of rape which is used
as a tool to control them by their slave masters. Their slave masters
are of course men who are all part of an overarching patriarchy that
seeks to exert control over all women. How could any woman who
believes this nonsense ever engage in a healthy, trusting and loving
relationship with a man?</p>
<p>This very notion is one that could not be more divisive to the
family unit. The coming together of man and woman is vital to the
survival of any racial or cultural group – but if the men and women
who made up a particular group were set against one another and
made to resent each other the chances of that group surviving would
diminish rapidly. Those who are propagating these feminist ideals
are propagating an attack on Western society which is wholly
destructive and divisive – they are literally attacking the cornerstone
of Western civilisation by setting the two constituent parts of the
family unit against one another.</p>
<p>Before these points are advanced any further, let us take a close
look at the underlying thought process and 'facts' behind terms like
'patriarchy' and 'rape culture'. Firstly, it goes without saying that men
do hold a disproportionate power in the structures that have emerged
and developed in Western society – however it does not follow that
such power is either oppressive nor does it follow that men are more
important or that men exist on a higher level than females.</p>
<p>Males do take leadership roles within society more readily
than females – however that is because the male is naturally the
disciplinarian who imparts order, a trait important to any successful
leader. This of course does not make the female obsolete or less
important than her male counterpart as feminists would like to claim.
The role of the female is that of a loving mother and partner who
nurtures, cares for and oversees the early mental development and
growth of her children. The future of any society or nation lies within
its youth and what role could be more important to a well-functioning
society than ensuring the development of the next generation?</p>
<p>The female's role is not solely in childrearing; the female
also plays an important role in supporting her male counterpart.
This support and love is something that allows men to achieve
more than they could on their own and in turn allows greater
advancements within society – as such it is commonly said that
behind every great man is a strong woman. Whilst men who enjoy
the support and love of a good woman are more likely to emerge
as authority figures and take leadership roles in society, men also
serve as protectors and guardians to the females who support
them. Support is not a one-way street and men and women have
always supported each other in different ways as they both
complement one another.</p>
<p>The feminist however does not acknowledge this. The
feminist wishes to create a conflict between man and woman, with
the male being painted as the oppressive slave master who wishes to
keep the female down and the female being presented as the
oppressed victim who needs to break free and regain her
independence. But under quite simple examination the idea that the
male seeks to turn the female into a slave falls apart.</p>
<p>Crucially, no slave master would ever put their life before that
of his slaves in order to protect what was mere property to him.
Slaves are merely a commodity, something that is measured in
monetary worth and can be used as a medium of exchange. No
master loves his slaves; he works them to their limit and sees them
simply as a tool in the same way he would see a piece of machinery.</p>
<p>Yet millions of Western men have given their lives wading
through the mud of foreign fields and blood of their comrades and
enemies as they fought to protect the lives and liberty of their wives
and children. A man who is willing to give his life for another person
must view that person in nothing but the highest regard – and the
highest regard is what Western civilisation has always had for the
Western female.</p>
<p>In times of war or hardship it would not be unreasonable to
think that a slave master might put his slaves on the front line, to use
them as cannon fodder and expend their lives to ensure his own
safety. The Western male has never done this; when war has broken
out the woman has always stayed at home, safe from the dangers and
hardships of battle as the man has gone to fight in order to protect
her liberty. But when did the slave master ever risk his life in order to
protect the liberty of his slaves?</p>
<p>In times of disaster it was always women and children first
– men would happily go down with the ship and give their own
lives so that women and children would be afforded safety. It is
doubtful any slave master would choose to fill the lifeboats with
their slaves and go down with the ship to ensure the safety of their
property above themselves.</p>
<p>The feminist however will eagerly tell you that staying in the
home was never a luxury for the female and that the home certainly
wasn't a safe space. The feminist will tell you that the homemaker
was not free, nor did she have her liberty – the feminist will try to tell
you that the home was a prison. The feminist will attempt to claim
the homemaker was essentially tied to the home as a prisoner to a
cage, whilst the man was free to go and work and carve out a
lucrative career in the freedom of the outside world.</p>
<p>It is true that women did stay at home; they did look after the
children and they did support their men as homemakers. But whilst
women were at home, the men went out on fishing boats braving the
wild seas; they went down mine shafts and risked being crushed to
death or being asphyxiated by poison gas. Men also enlisted for
military duty to protect their settlements from raiders and rival tribes
– literally risking their lives on a daily basis.</p>
<p>The woman may well have stayed in the home and acted as a
mother and homemaker – but she did not remain in the home as a
slave who missed out on the wonders that her male counterpart
enjoyed. The woman may rarely have risen to the level of tribal
leader, but neither did she face death on a daily basis from simply
doing her job, nor did she march to war to be hacked to pieces on a
cold foreign field.</p>
There is another crucial attribute of slaves – they are almost
universally looked down upon. No one looks up to a slave; no one
worships a slave and no one looks to a slave as a source of inspiration.
Slaves are the lowest strata of any society and are held in low regard;
something that the feminist will claim is true of women in Western
society – however nothing could be further from the truth.
Women were never looked down on, but in fact women were
deified in Western civilisation. One of the earliest classical writings,
Homer's Iliad, is an epic tale of the Trojan War and the exploits of the
heroes who fought on both sides. One could get caught focusing on the
battles, the male heroes or the immense scale of the war that
encompassed the Greek states – but that would be to lose sight of the
reason for the war, the love of a woman. Helen of Troy was the
woman with the face that launched a thousand ships. Tens of
thousands of men were fighting a war that engulfed ancient Greece,
and it was all for the love of one perfect woman. One would find it
hard to imagine a war being fought for the freedom of one lowly slave!
This deification of females and the female form is a theme
that is present in Western literature, art, poetry and song. From the
earliest Western texts the notion of beauty and the central role
females played in society is always present. This is hardly the work
or the actions of a civilisation that scorns females or treats them as
slaves. Women were not beneath men, but often an inspiration to
them and the very reason that men fought with such bravery and
conviction and strived for such excellence.
Women were always looked up to in Western society – as
mothers, wives and for their beauty and femininity. Western
civilisation noted the differences between men and women and

celebrated those differences; it did not pit one against the other, it did
not compare the two and it did not cause the two to go into
competition – but most importantly it never forced one to try to
become the other.
With the term 'patriarchy' comes the even more troubling
term 'rape culture'. Feminists will gladly tell you that every male is a
potential rapist; this in itself is a flawed and ridiculous argument.
The statement is actually factually true as indeed every man could
potentially commit rape, just as every woman could potentially
murder her own children. This is of course an absurd way to look at
either men or women. Just because a small proportion of women
smother their babies when suffering from postnatal depression, no
man would go into a room and view every woman in that room as a
potential child killer, and any woman who views every man as a
potential rapist would be equally unreasonable.
However the unreasonable notion that every man should be
viewed as a potential rapist is exactly the way in which feminists
want women to view men. Feminism doesn't care for being
reasonable – feminism intends to stoke hatred for men. The notion
that every man is a potential rapist is a powerful tool in the feminist
arsenal when it comes to promoting hatred and fear of men and
causing further division between the sexes. What could be a more
powerful tool in order to create hate and division between the sexes
than to have every woman view every man as a potential threat to
her safety?
Let's examine 'rape culture' further though and put the term
under the microscope. Rape is surely one of the most heinous crimes
and an act that no one should ever be subjected to. As such rape is an
act that is looked down on by everyone in society. This is illustrated
by the fact that when rapists are apprehended and imprisoned other
criminals within the penal system attack them. The very dregs of
society who have broken the law and need to be separated from
society view rapists as subhuman vermin. That alone says an awful
lot about the way sexual predators and rapists are viewed, and is
hardly indicative of a society in which rape culture is prevalent.
The fact that rapists are outcasts even among criminals is a
barometer of how poorly sex offenders are regarded. Bearing that in
mind, the idea that there is a prevalent culture of rape amongst
males, where males exert their power over females through sexual
assault, is insane. But despite the theory of rape culture being utterly
insane, it is still a powerful tool for the feminist as those who believe
it learn to fear and hate the men they should love and embrace.
The urge for sex is a natural drive; it is governed by the id and
is part of the pleasure principle. When a woman says 'no' to a male,
the male's superego kicks in, his moral values and reasoning tell him
that it is wrong to go forward with the sex act despite the cravings of
the id which seeks to satisfy its lustful desires. The male's superego
tells him it is wrong to force the female into having sex and hence he
withdraws. That conscience for the feelings of the female is part of
the developed psyche and is something that is imparted to the man
during childhood by his mother. However there is also the fact that
rapists are seen as the lowest of the low, hence those with a strong
vision of an ideal self would never seek to carry out such a heinous
crime. The ideal self is of course imparted to the man during
childhood by his father and other male role models.
Western civilisation and the developed Western superego
would never have tolerated rape or 'rape culture'. Rape is abhorrent
and goes against the very natural urges of a man to protect, love and
cherish women. Western man risked his life crawling through mine
shafts and braving the open seas to provide for his wife and loved
ones. Western man marched to war to protect his tribe and his
family. Western man was not a slave master who used rape as a
weapon, but a loving and caring partner who relied on his wife for
love and support – and in return he loved and supported her.

The love and support that man and woman showed one
another within Western Society was born through hardship and
mutual cooperation. This mutual cooperation was necessary to
ensure the survival of both the couple and their children. Men and
women were never meant to be in competition with one another.
Men and women were intended to be married to one another and to
cooperate as a pair. By cooperating as a pair men and women could
achieve more than they would have had they remained alone.
Feminism is an anti-family movement, a movement that
attacks the very heart of Western culture. Feminism seeks to destroy
the feminine beauty of the female and transform the woman into a
more masculine creature so she can compete with her would-be
partner in a pointless struggle for dominance. This war of the sexes is a
wholly unnatural social construct manufactured by the enemies of the
West. Feminism is another tool used by those who wish to destroy the
West, and those who buy into it are being duped and used.
Feminism sets young women against men and builds distrust
between the sexes. Feminism makes the man the 'enemy of the
woman' in an effort to prevent loving bonds forming between the two.
Feminism seeks to break the complementary pair that lies at the heart
of Western life. Feminism is a tool that is used by those who wish to
undermine Western civilisation as the feminist mindset undermines
the formation of the family unit. Feminism also serves to increase the
rate of divorce within society as married women buy into the
nonsense that they need to break free from the chains of their slavery.
Women were never slaves to their men, but supporting and
loving counterparts who in return for their support and love received
love, safety and protection for both themselves and their children.
There is no greater testament to this love and adoration than the fact
that men would happily give their lives and go to their death in an
orderly fashion with a smile on their face in order to ensure the
safety of their wives and children.
<p>Feminism seeks to undermine the cornerstone of Western
society – the nuclear family. Feminism is an attack on the loving
bonds and trust that act as a glue which bind the family unit together
– as such feminism represents a threat to Western civilisation itself.</p>
=======
		<p class="noindent top">The nuclear family is the cornerstone of Western society; it is central to the Western way of life. The family bond originated out of evolutionary pressure; Western man was forced into lasting partnerships in order to both defend and raise his children. Individuals who decided to give up on their partners inevitably saw their offspring perish and their genetic lines erased, however those couples who stuck together and worked as a family unit to ensure the survival of their offspring saw their children survive and mature and their genetic line carried on.</p>
		<p>The coming together of man and woman was then enshrined in religious and state law. As individuals grouped together as tribes and tribes became nations, state and religious law sought to sanctify marriage and set the couple and the nuclear family above all else – a bond for life and one that should not be broken lightly. The importance of this family unit has been discussed extensively in the context of the significance of a two-parent family and the effect of both a mother and father being present when raising children.</p>
		<p>We have discussed the importance of the strong father and the loving mother in the upbringing of children and how a two-parent family is crucial to the successful mental development of the child and most importantly in imparting the superego to the next generation. We have also discussed how in the West, the once strong family unit is now under attack, how divorce is on the rise and how children are increasingly being brought up in single parent homes. The effect of the loss of a strong father figure and disciplinarian in the home is quite clear to see.</p>
		<p>It has also been discussed that the weakening of the superego has allowed the id to run free which has led to a rise in the number of divorces as both men and women choose to shirk the moral duties of bringing up their children as a couple, instead choosing to pursue a selfish path of individualism and pleasure. Along with the drive for individualism and pleasure, the enemies of the West have also mounted other attacks on the family unit, one of them being feminism.</p>
		<p>Feminism operates under the guise of equality – that man and woman should be equal, when in fact men and women are not equal but different. Men and women make up a complementary pair and when together form a unit that is more than the sum of its parts. A happy home is supported by both a mother and a father, but the input of the father and the input of the mother are both markedly different, yet equally important.</p>
		<p>Feminism sets up a dichotomy where men and women are natural enemies – it attacks the natural order of society and seeks to create a war between the sexes. Feminists seek to create a false battle where women need to overcome and dominate the males around them. Feminism is not a progressive movement that seeks to free women, but a divisive ideology that wishes to separate men and women from their natural roles as partners and instead seeks to set them against one another.</p>
		<p>Make no mistake, feminism is an ideology of hate – hate for natural, strong masculine males, but also hate for the natural loving and feminine female. It is an ideology that seeks not equality, but for the female to dominate the male on his own grounds. It is an ideology that wishes to transform the female from being a natural, loving and compassionate individual into little more than a poor substitute for a man. Feminism seeks to break down natural boundaries and turn natural gender roles on their head. However these natural boundaries and gender roles are some of the founding blocks that served to build Western civilisation.</p>
		<p>The drive for feminism within the West has had profound effects – not only does it lead to the death of the loving mother, but it also increasingly leads to the destruction of the family unit. How can man and woman come together as a complementary pair, as lovers, friends and partners, when they are being set against each other as if they were natural enemies? The whole overarching thought process behind feminism sets men up as the natural enemy and oppressor of the female – and who in their right mind would choose to settle and form a lifelong bond with their enemy and oppressor?</p>
		<p>The whole basis of modern feminism is built around one central belief – that society is one big 'patriarchy' – a social system where men have the upper hand and control the running of society, to the detriment of females who are subservient to the authority of the male, and are in effect little more than slaves to their male counterparts.</p>
		<p>In the feminist's thought process it logically follows that if the woman is oppressed by the male, if she is nothing more than his slave and marriage is just a way of state and religious law ratifying that slavery for life, then women should reject marriage.</p>
		<p>Following this rather radical line of thought is the even more extreme idea that we live in a world where 'rape culture' is prevalent. In feminist theory, rape culture is a concept in which rape is pervasive and normalised in the West due to societal attitudes about gender and sexuality. In essence, rape culture is the bizarre theory that all men are potential rapists and rape is something men see as healthy. The theory of rape culture also states that men use rape as a tool to exert control and power over females within society.</p>
		<p>This bizarre set of beliefs would be laughable – if they weren't so dangerous and weren't influencing the minds of so many young women in Western society. Once young women buy into this warped theory, it is little or no wonder that the family unit becomes the first and most obvious casualty. The notion that women are essentially slaves to men, held in servitude by the threat of rape no less, is hardly a notion that is going to endear women to men.</p>
		<p>Now extrapolate that idea – women are told that they are slaves and they live under the constant threat of rape which is used as a tool to control them by their slave masters. Their slave masters are of course men who are all part of an overarching patriarchy that seeks to exert control over all women. How could any woman who believes this nonsense ever engage in a healthy, trusting and loving relationship with a man?</p>
		<p>This very notion is one that could not be more divisive to the family unit. The coming together of man and woman is vital to the survival of any racial or cultural group – but if the men and women who made up a particular group were set against one another and made to resent each other the chances of that group surviving would diminish rapidly. Those who are propagating these feminist ideals are propagating an attack on Western society which is wholly destructive and divisive – they are literally attacking the cornerstone of Western civilisation by setting the two constituent parts of the family unit against one another.</p>
		<p>Before these points are advanced any further, let us take a close look at the underlying thought process and 'facts' behind terms like 'patriarchy' and 'rape culture'. Firstly, it goes without saying that men do hold a disproportionate power in the structures that have emerged and developed in Western society – however it does not follow that such power is either oppressive nor does it follow that men are more important or that men exist on a higher level than females.</p>
		<p>Males do take leadership roles within society more readily than females – however that is because the male is naturally the disciplinarian who imparts order, a trait important to any successful leader. This of course does not make the female obsolete or less important than her male counterpart as feminists would like to claim. The role of the female is that of a loving mother and partner who nurtures, cares for and oversees the early mental development and growth of her children. The future of any society or nation lies within its youth and what role could be more important to a well-functioning society than ensuring the development of the next generation?</p>
		<p>The female's role is not solely in childrearing; the female also plays an important role in supporting her male counterpart. This support and love is something that allows men to achieve more than they could on their own and in turn allows greater advancements within society – as such it is commonly said that behind every great man is a strong woman. Whilst men who enjoy the support and love of a good woman are more likely to emerge as authority figures and take leadership roles in society, men also serve as protectors and guardians to the females who support them. Support is not a one-way street and men and women have always supported each other in different ways as they both complement one another.</p>
		<p>The feminist however does not acknowledge this. The feminist wishes to create a conflict between man and woman, with the male being painted as the oppressive slave master who wishes to keep the female down and the female being presented as the oppressed victim who needs to break free and regain her independence. But under quite simple examination the idea that the male seeks to turn the female into a slave falls apart.</p>
		<p>Crucially, no slave master would ever put their life before that of his slaves in order to protect what was mere property to him. Slaves are merely a commodity, something that is measured in monetary worth and can be used as a medium of exchange. No master loves his slaves; he works them to their limit and sees them simply as a tool in the same way he would see a piece of machinery.</p>
		<p>Yet millions of Western men have given their lives wading through the mud of foreign fields and blood of their comrades and enemies as they fought to protect the lives and liberty of their wives and children. A man who is willing to give his life for another person must view that person in nothing but the highest regard – and the highest regard is what Western civilisation has always had for the Western female.</p>
		<p>In times of war or hardship it would not be unreasonable to think that a slave master might put his slaves on the front line, to use them as cannon fodder and expend their lives to ensure his own safety. The Western male has never done this; when war has broken out the woman has always stayed at home, safe from the dangers and hardships of battle as the man has gone to fight in order to protect her liberty. But when did the slave master ever risk his life in order to protect the liberty of his slaves?</p>
		<p>In times of disaster it was always women and children first – men would happily go down with the ship and give their own lives so that women and children would be afforded safety. It is doubtful any slave master would choose to fill the lifeboats with their slaves and go down with the ship to ensure the safety of their property above themselves.</p>
		<p>The feminist however will eagerly tell you that staying in the home was never a luxury for the female and that the home certainly wasn't a safe space. The feminist will tell you that the homemaker was not free, nor did she have her liberty – the feminist will try to tell you that the home was a prison. The feminist will attempt to claim the homemaker was essentially tied to the home as a prisoner to a cage, whilst the man was free to go and work and carve out a lucrative career in the freedom of the outside world.</p>
		<p>It is true that women did stay at home; they did look after the children and they did support their men as homemakers. But whilst women were at home, the men went out on fishing boats braving the wild seas; they went down mine shafts and risked being crushed to death or being asphyxiated by poison gas. Men also enlisted for military duty to protect their settlements from raiders and rival tribes – literally risking their lives on a daily basis.</p>
		<p>The woman may well have stayed in the home and acted as a mother and homemaker – but she did not remain in the home as a slave who missed out on the wonders that her male counterpart enjoyed. The woman may rarely have risen to the level of tribal leader, but neither did she face death on a daily basis from simply doing her job, nor did she march to war to be hacked to pieces on a cold foreign field.</p>
>>>>>>> 9c2fbfceb031d0e520899eebd27b9121983df800

</body>
</html>
