<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>23: False Salvation – The Hollywood Nazi</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">23</span><br/>FALSE SALVATION – THE HOLLYWOOD NAZI</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">National Socialism is an ideology of discipline and order that seeks to establish a perfect homogenous society that is centred on national unity. As such National Socialism scorns social divisions and selfish individualism. National Socialism is an ideology that strives for excellence and pushes individuals within society to better themselves – not just for the sake of individual greatness but instead to improve society as a whole.</p>
		<p>Discipline, order and excellence made National Socialism one of the few true threats to the enemies of the West – so what better way to undermine National Socialism than to take its symbols and banners and wrap them around a degenerate musical subculture? The enemies of the West fear the power of National Socialism, and know that in its true and pure form it is a uniting force that could drive the enemies of the West from Western shores and free Western man.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have sought to attack National Socialism and undermine it. The enemies of the West have used their power in the media and the press to 'rebrand' National Socialism in the most degenerate and debased way possible. The enemies of the West have sought to turn National Socialism on its head and ensure that instead of discipline, order and excellence, National Socialism stands for the opposite of these things – chaos, degeneracy and weakness.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have created what is known as the 'Hollywood Nazi', otherwise known as the skinhead. The Hollywood Nazi is anything but a National Socialist. The Hollywood Nazi may well emblazon National Socialist symbols on his clothes; he may well stand in front banners that bear those symbols, and he may also espouse his wish to save Western man, but the Hollywood Nazi is a twisted vision of genuine National Socialism. Hollywood Nazism and the skinhead music scene that accompanies it have become a beacon for defectives and misfits who are attracted to being part of an 'outsider gang' that has a reputation for being anti-social.</p>
		<p>The Hollywood Nazi was created by the same twisted minds that gave the Western world Lady Gaga and <i>Rebel Without a Cause.</i> The enemies of the West created the Hollywood Nazi subculture and propagated their creation through the media by producing films such as <i>Romper Stomper</i> and <i>American History X</i>. These films attempt to redefine National Socialism along lines that are beneficial to the enemies of the West. These films also attempt to associate racial and cultural consciousness with negatives that are intended to drive normal people away from having anything to do with any form of nationalism.</p>
		<p>The films that promote the Hollywood Nazi are made by the enemies of the West in order to appeal to lost and self-destructive youngsters. These films seek to push negative role models and a destructive subculture upon young Western minds in a similar manner to films like <i>Kids</i> and <i>Rebel Without a Cause</i>. What makes the Hollywood Nazi subculture unique is that it has a second objective – it seeks to present nationalism as both unappealing and toxic. The Hollywood Nazi subculture is unique as it is used to scare the public away from nationalism.</p>
		<p>Young people who choose to rebel against their parents and society by adopting the skinhead subculture strive to conform to the image of the Hollywood Nazi. This begins a self-fulfilling cycle which serves the aims of the enemies of the West. Young people see films like <i>Romper Stomper</i>, and then seek to emulate the characters in those films. Then the media film real life documentaries based on violent skinhead gangs who attempt to replicate the behaviour, dress and attitudes of characters they saw in films. These gangs are filmed drinking, being anti-social, engaging in acts of violence and attacking immigrants all in the name of nationalism. This is the way the enemies of the West have turned their twisted fantasy of nationalism into a damaging reality.</p>
		<p>The first important thing to discuss when analysing this false salvation is to compare the Hollywood Nazi with genuine National Socialism. To do this let us first take a look at one of the defining moments in National Socialist history – the Nuremberg Rallies. The Nuremberg Rallies were the annual party rallies held by the NSDAP (Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei – National Socialist German Workers' Party) between 1923 and 1938. Arguably the most famous of these rallies occurred in 1934 and was the subject of the film the <i>Triumph of the Will</i>, directed and produced by Leni Riefenstahl. In 1934 over 700,000 National Socialists attended the Nuremburg rally – a true spectacle for the world to behold.</p>
		<p>The Nuremberg Rallies centred on political speeches and large orderly parades – discipline and order were central to the entire event, and the musical accompaniment was classical orchestral overtures. The sight of hundreds of thousands of men lined up in perfect order, listening to speeches made under huge banners, was a sight to behold, and something that one would have been proud to be a part of. Those in attendance wore uniforms, looked healthy and were of good breeding stock. Everyone in attendance looked alike and were clearly part of one cohesive group.</p>
		<p>Compare the Nuremberg Rallies with the kind of events held by modern Hollywood Nazis or skinheads. Skinhead events consist of a few hundred people gathered in a small hall, drinking, smoking, pushing one another and listening to raucous music. In fact the modern skinhead event couldn't be much further from the Nuremburg Rallies in either intent or execution. The whole ethos behind these skinhead events has nothing whatsoever to do with order or discipline and in fact is centred on chaos. There are no orderly speeches, parades or shows of strength and those in attendance are neither uniformed nor smart in their appearance.</p>
		<p>Obese men covered with tattoos lurch back and forth in a drunken manner as they listen to music which clearly has more in common with the degenerate subcultures pushed by the enemies of the West than it does with anything healthy or classical. There is no culture and no spectacle – in fact if one changed the lyrics of the music and removed the banners at the back of the stage these events could belong to any musical subculture. In fact without the lyrics and banners those in attendance could be mistaken for punks, goths or rockers and seen as just another group of misled individuals attached to a subculture manufactured by the enemies of the West.</p>
		<p>These skinhead events are based on exactly the same kind of hedonism, degeneracy and individualism as other musical events and subcultures created by the enemies of the West. These events are not spectacles of excellence attended by fit, healthy and clean-living men that would hold the world in awe. These events are spectacles of degeneracy which would actually appal most normal people and dissuade them from joining any form of nationalist movement.</p>
		<p>Whereas the Nuremburg Rallies and the film <i>Triumph of the Will</i> united a nation behind a common cause and showed the world what could be achieved by a homogenous, organised and disciplined organisation, skinhead concerts do the opposite. If taken to their logical extreme these skinhead events would be no different to the hedonistic festivals where young people drink excessively, use drugs and behave wildly for a weekend – a far cry from what Western man should be aiming for.</p>
		<p>If one looks back to what was put forward as a perfect society, an analogy was drawn with a colony of bees. This analogy illustrated order, discipline and an entire community moving in unison toward one goal. The Nuremburg Rallies were the human embodiment of that perfect society and a showcase of that order – hundreds of thousands of men in uniform who looked the same, moving in unison and order as a display of power and discipline. Compare that with a skinhead concert, where drunken individuals wearing customised clothing and exhibiting outlandish body modifications and tattoos move in a chaotic fashion as they jump around aimlessly. These two events are literally polar opposites – yet the enemies of the West have tried to link them and pass them off as one and the same!</p>
		<p>This analysis will surely cause raised eyebrows – after all those attending these events allegedly subscribe to the higher ideals of nationalism and would happily describe themselves as National Socialists. However actions speak louder than words. To be a National Socialist is not merely to raise a flag or pay lip service to certain facets of an ideology. To be a National Socialist is to live a clean and healthy lifestyle and aim to be the best you can be – physically, mentally and spiritually. To be a National Socialist is to be ordered, disciplined and strong and uphold the values and traditions of the West.</p>
		<p>Most importantly, National Socialism promotes the notion that one should strive to be the best one can be; it promotes self-improvement and the pursuit of a healthy ideal self. To follow the skinhead way is to do the very opposite of this and to embrace the very things the enemies of the West have used in order to destroy Western man and break apart Western communities.</p>
		<p>By creating a degenerate musical subculture and attaching it to National Socialism (thus creating the Hollywood Nazi), the enemies of the West have made this corrupted version of National Socialism a magnet for defectives. Often those who are attracted to the skinhead scene are lost individuals who cannot function in society and are seeking to be part of a group of other anti-social misfits. These people are not captains of industry, great athletes, inventors or other inspirational individuals, but often the opposite.</p>
		<p>The Hollywood Nazi subculture is designed to scoop up these defectives. Take the film <i>Romper Stomper</i>: the skinheads in that film live like animals in an abandoned warehouse. They are essentially squatters who do not work, do not pay rent, and do not provide anything productive to society. Minus the flags, banners and patches they would be seen as common or garden delinquents and undesirables. What kind of person would be drawn to that lifestyle – certainly not the people required to mount a serious fightback in order to save the West.</p>
		<p>Not only do the people who flock to this scene provide little or no benefit to the wider nationalist cause, they are in fact poisonous to the greater good and inhibit the growth of nationalism. These defectives alienate nationalism from the very people it needs to attract if it is ever to grow and become a genuine alternative. Why would a man who owns a successful business wish to join a group of homeless bums who squat in a warehouse and drink until 4am every morning? Why would a loving mother and good housekeeper want to associate herself with a gang whose idea of political activity is spray-painting obscenities on toilet walls?</p>
		<p>The healthy and normal people that nationalism needs to attract in order to grow and prosper want nothing to do with anti-social yobs or gangs. By wrapping up National Socialism in such negatives, the enemies of the West have actually pulled a very clever trick – they have ensured that normal and productive people will never again be drawn towards a genuine alternative to their poison.</p>
		<p>Take for example a Western family who feel threatened by the loss of their culture, by the growing level of non-Western immigration into their town and who dislike the degeneracy that is pushed upon their children. When they look at alternatives to the current political system they want something that is a genuine alternative – something that presents a viable solution to the problems they face. The people who see gang culture as a growing problem within their towns and cities are hardly going to join a gang themselves. In fact they want the opposite of a gang: they want a strong and healthy community-based group that embodies the values they hold dear.</p>
		<p>Therein lies the core of the problem – the Hollywood Nazi has more in common with black inner city gangs than he would like to admit. The big differences between black gangs and skinhead gangs are simply skin colour and musical taste. If upstanding families are unlikely to embrace black gang culture, then why would they embrace white gang culture? In fact most normal healthy-minded people would be opposed to violent anti-social gangs whatever the colour of their members or their supposed motivations. Healthy-minded people are not going to be driving around with black gangs throwing up gang signs and listening to obnoxious rap music, nor will they be sewing patches onto bomber jackets, listening to skinhead music and spray-painting racial slurs on the subway.</p>
		<p>In fact it would be reasonable to state that a normal working family with healthy moral values and a healthy interest in traditionalism would have more in common with a family from another culture or ethnicity that worked hard, looked after their children and led a clean-living life than they would with a gang of skinheads. The Hollywood Nazi then becomes a self-reinforcing problem – the more social outcasts that become attracted to the 'scene', the more normal people are put off joining a nationalist alternative. This makes nationalism unattractive and forces normal people into the arms of other false salvations like conservatism and libertarianism.</p>
		<p>The skinhead movement is wrapped up with violence and often the themes of racial violence are part of the music and general culture (if you can attribute a word such as 'culture' to this movement). Skinheads have become synonymous with racial attacks and the abuse of other racial groups. By perpetuating a violent stereotype, the skinhead is portrayed as a bully and someone who picks on easy targets. This is neither brave nor something that decent people would applaud. For every attack on a corner shop or lone member of an ethnic minority, those perpetuating such attacks drive countless thousands of normal people away from nationalism.</p>
		<p>For normal family oriented folk, the idea of attacking a home or a business is abhorrent, and most decent people will naturally empathise with and have sympathy for those who face such abuse. Normal people would imagine how they would feel if their shop or home had just had its windows broken and would feel sympathy for the victim. This kind of sympathy leads regular people to turn their backs on nationalism. Normal law-abiding folk who have suffered at the hands of aggressive foreign cultures do not wish to victimise or attack innocent people as a response. Normal people who have suffered at the hands of aggressive foreign cultures wish for a disciplined and ordered response that is both lawful and fair. Only order and discipline can defeat chaos and madness.</p>
		<p>Genuine National Socialism is not based on negativity or 'race hate'. Genuine National Socialism is based on love, a love for one's own people, a love for one's own land and a love for one's culture and traditions. The enemies of the West know that wrapping up a movement or organisation with race hate, especially with the accusation of 'racist' being so powerful, is a death blow to any chance of real growth or success. Racism, hatred and the belief in an all-encompassing racial conflict are often central tenets of the skinhead movement, something that makes that movement even more toxic to normal people.</p>
		<p>But therein lies the other massive problem at the heart of Hollywood Nazism – the central belief that there will one day be a racial or religious conflict that will engulf society. The skinhead subculture largely subscribes to the misguided notion that one day, when such a conflict occurs, Western man will be forced to choose a side and will ultimately stand and fight with the skinheads in order to preserve the future of the West. As extensively discussed earlier, it is highly unlikely there will be such a conflict – and even if there was, Western man would not fare favourably.</p>
		<p>Those attracted to the skinhead scene are often escapists and fantasists; they choose to live out their fantasies by attaching themselves to nationalism. They wish to believe in a fantasy where society collapses and a great conflict takes place that sees them emerge as the victors and as such the saviours of Western civilisation. This could not be further from the truth – and even if it was true, what would society be like once the skinheads had won this glorious war? How would the obese, warehouse dwelling, welfare claiming gang members rebuild the West after their glorious victory?</p>
		<p>In reality though, most of the people who choose to believe in this scenario and attach themselves to this degenerate subculture are not fit enough, well-disciplined enough or well-trained enough to win a war. What's more, if faced with the choice of joining a skinhead gang or going it alone and risking the wrath of immigrant gangs, most normal Western families would be torn between the two and probably just curl up in their homes awaiting the outcome of the battle and quietly accepting their fate regardless.</p>
		<p>As stated earlier, people group together based on shared values and feel more comfortable around those they identify closely with. Just as other subcultures and groups prevent Western man from coming together as one cohesive body, skinheads serve to add to this problem. In the event of a great collapse or 'race war' skinheads would not be a uniting force for Western man. Skinheads are just another musical subculture, and as such they further add to the fragmentation that plagues Western society.</p>
		<p>When it comes to the idea of a civil war ripping apart a nation, and in this case a civil war that would involve different ethnic groups fighting one another, the key to victory would be readiness. The odd thing about skinheads – and what leads any educated observer to believe they are simply escapists – is that they are not prepared. Any group that seriously believed a great war was imminent would prioritise preparation and training above all other activities. Physical fitness, martial arts and survival skills would all rank highly on the checklist of those preparing themselves for a civil war and the inevitability of fighting in the streets.</p>
		<p>Yet those who are constantly talking about fighting the enemy in the street are not making adequate preparations for such an occurrence. Talk of such violence is simply something these people get a buzz from; they get a kick from believing they are part of a resistance group that will one day be victorious in battle. In the same way that people who play fantasy role-playing games dream of assaulting castles full of orcs and goblins, the Hollywood Nazi dreams of storming through the streets and waging a guerrilla war. But just like orcs and goblins, this race war is a fantasy.</p>
		<p>The 'skinhead way of life' is a far cry from the way of life that would be conducive to preparing for a civil war. In fact, anyone seriously preparing for armed conflict wouldn't be piling on the pounds, drinking copious amounts of cheap lager and spending what money they had left on tattoos. Health and fitness should be central to a National Socialist's life, and even more so if one believes that armed conflict is almost upon the West. Instead, the skinhead appears to be looking for some form of politically incorrect diversion. The individual drawn to the skinhead gang seeks to satiate the same drive for attention and self-gratification that drives others to join equally pointless groups such as punks or goths.</p>
		<p>The Hollywood Nazi may wrap himself up in the banners of National Socialism and profess a love for Western man, but in reality the Hollywood Nazi or skinhead could not be further from what real National Socialism espouses. Order, discipline, uniforms, marches, fitness and positivity were all central to National Socialism and are the polar opposites of the behaviour that the Hollywood Nazi engages in. Drunken, obese, heavily tattooed and degenerate; the Hollywood Nazi would never have been welcomed into National Socialist organisations in the 1930s. In fact it would be fair to say that many of those who follow the path of the Hollywood Nazi would have been seen as undesirables and would have been interned in work camps had they lived under the rule of the NSDAP.</p>
		<p>Can you imagine the faces of the massed ranks at the Nuremburg Rallies if they were to see the goings-on at a skinhead concert? Do you think they would be proud that the banners they served under were now the backdrop to a drunken party? The truth is, had the National Socialist party in Germany subscribed to the doctrine of the Hollywood Nazi it would never have come to power – and that is exactly the reason why the enemies of the West have created such a subculture.</p>
		<p>The Hollywood Nazi wasn't invented to ensure Western man rediscovered the right path in life and freed his folk from the clutches of his enemies. The Hollywood Nazi was invented as a false salvation and to ensure normal people would never again turn to nationalism – the greatest threat the enemies of the West have ever faced.</p>
		<p>For nationalism to win, it needs to attract winners – not losers. If nationalists continue to embrace the false salvation of Hollywood Nazism, they will ensure that nationalism will always end up on the losing side. Once any cause becomes a beacon for the losers within society, that cause is destined to fail.</p>


</body>
</html>
