<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>4: The Imperfect Society</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">4</span><br/>THE IMPERFECT SOCIETY</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">If the perfect society is made up of a homogenous group of people who come together with shared goals, common bonds and a binding moral compass, and who work together toward a common end and put the good of the group above the good of the individual, then what would an imperfect society be?</p>
		<p>Firstly it is important to note that no society is truly perfect. Within any society there will always be individuals who have a defective superego, and who as a result act purely out of self-interest. The actions of those individuals motivated by self- interest often work to the detriment of society or others within that society. There will always be those individuals who lack social conscience, individuals who seek to rise above others and then exploit them. There will also always be individuals who wish to languish at the base of society and simply do as a little as possible; these individuals lack a sense of duty and ideal self. Those individuals who lack a sense of duty are lazy and strive for nothing, opting to do as little as humanly possible whilst attempting to leech off the hard work of others.</p>
		<p>Even in the most noble of societies, both the greedy and the lazy have always existed. But what is important is that a healthy society does everything it can to eliminate those traits in people before those traits grow amongst the populace and become common enough that they start to harm the functioning of society itself.</p>
		<p>A healthy or perfect society does everything to enable individuals to develop their superego in order to ensure that people control their id and work within a framework of moral values, hence preventing people from simply pursuing immediate pleasure and selfish gratification. This pushes people together as a cohesive group where they work together in harmony for the greater good of society.</p>
		<p>An imperfect society however is one in which the society is no longer homogenous and no longer cohesive. This can occur for two reasons – firstly the homogenous group of people that make up the society lose their bonds with one another and no longer form a cohesive group, instead becoming a loose collection of self-interested individuals. Secondly, one or more other homogenous groups can be introduced into what then becomes the wider society, meaning that society is no longer made up of one cohesive group, but several different groups all with their own distinct interests and ideals.</p>
		<p>We shall return to the analogy of bees.</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>Imagine if a beehive (in human terms the hive itself is analogous of the wider society) actually contained several separate colonies of bees (the colonies in this analogy are equivalent to separate and distinct groups living together within a wider human society). Each colony (human group) had their own idea of the way the beehive (the wider society) should be constructed, the way it should be run and each colony had self-interest and as a consequence wanted the lion's share of the honey. Not only would this not work as nothing would get done, but the different colonies would constantly be altering the work done by each other in order to shape the hive differently – this situation would be actively counterproductive. Further conflict would soon arise between the colonies living in the same hive as each vied for a greater share of space, resources and a greater share of the honey. In effect, each colony would want the hive to be run in the way they thought best and for the good of their colony. Rather than being pulled in one direction, the hive would be split and dragged in opposite directions.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">This analogy seems like utter madness! After all, different colonies of bees with different ways would never try to live together in one hive. It simply would never happen as it is an obvious recipe for disaster and would no doubt lead to the death of at least one or more of the colonies and eventually result in dominance by the strongest over the weakest. Yet that is exactly what happens in the imperfect society – different groups of people are forced to live together within the same wider society, and each vie for a better deal and for more control for their respective group.</p>
		<p>The single homogenous group that society used to be
entirely composed of is altered by the introduction of other groups
of people with different cultures. Society, which used to be
composed of one homogenous group, then becomes a wider society,
a body composed of several different groups, each with their own
traditions, morals and cultures. The breakdown of the wider society
then occurs as a product of different groups all wanting what is best
for themselves, often at the expense of the other groups within the
wider society.</p>
		<p>In the perfect society, homogeny is the key to the smooth
running of that society. Instead of this, in the imperfect society there
is no racial and cultural homogeny – the imperfect society is based
on multiracial and multicultural models where different people with
different values, different cultures, different traditions and different
heritages are forced together into one wider society. It is not just that
the groups that compose the imperfect society are different, but
often these groups are actively pulling in opposite directions. This
leads to the wider society being pulled apart as different groups vie
for control, power and a greater share of resources.</p>
		<p>When we discussed the superego earlier, it was noted that
parents, community leaders and role models pass on the superego in
the form of a conscience and the image of an ideal self. Across a
homogenous group this creates traditions and culture stemming
from a shared sense of values and morals. This forms a community-
wide consciousness as previous generations pass down their
traditions, culture and heritage to the next generation.</p>
		<p>But as stated earlier, in the imperfect society there are several
different distinct racial and cultural groups. Over time each of these distinct groups have developed traditions and values which have
built a shared heritage which is then passed down to their offspring.
Each different group has their own community consciousness that is
different and separate from the shared consciousness of other
groups within the wider society.</p>
		<p>Morality and values are not universal across the world. In
fact they differ greatly from one cultural group to the next. As the
values and morals that are passed on differ between groups, these
separate groups develop different traditions – in effect they develop
their own distinct culture which is not only different from but often
conflicts with the cultures of other groups.
In the perfect society values and morals are universal and
they bind the whole of society together, and that society then
possesses a shared consciousness – for Western man that is the
Western superego. But in the imperfect society which is composed
of many different groups, many different and often conflicting value
systems exist – this prevents those different groups mixing and
bonding and in turn prevents the wider society functioning as one
cohesive body.</p>
<p>In a multicultural or multiracial society, there exist lines of
nonconformity which stem from different groups having different
heritages, traditions and value systems. Individuals identify most
strongly with others who are like them. As a result people choose
to remain loyal to their own group and their own group
consciousness rather than to any notion of the wider society. The
different groups within the wider society all have their own
traditions and values that their constituent members identify with
above and beyond the traditions and values of the other groups
within the wider society. Often this leads to friction between
groups as values and morals clash.</p>
<p>Shared values are something that is possible, but a move toward shared values and conformity between different groups is a move toward the deterioration and dilution of each individual group's culture and cultural standards. This is often termed 'integration', but to integrate one culture into another means compromises must be made, which inevitably means giving up or diluting parts of one or both of the different cultures being integrated.</p>

<p class="noindent top"><b><i>Think again of the different colonies of bees. As several different
colonies of bees now have to share the same hive, the bees of each
separate colony stick together and choose to remain around their own.
Each bee within the hive identifies with the dances and the queen of their
own colony. Each bee yearns to be with his own and serve his own and
further the goals of his own colony. This leads to competition and
conflict between the colonies and a desire amongst each colony to
dominate the others. If one group of bees decided to adopt the ways of
another, if one group of bees started serving another's queen or doing
another group's dance, it would lead only to that group losing its own
identity and eventually becoming extinct as an individual group. That
group would have effectively been conquered, not by warfare but by
assimilation and submission. It would be seen as highly unnatural for
the bees to do this though, as in nature 'birds of a feather flock together'.</i></b></p>

<p class="noindent top">It is natural for creatures to identify most closely with other
creatures of their own species that look familiar and act in a familiar
manner. People feel safe around others who not only look like
themselves, but also who act like themselves because they share the
same morals and values and have the same interests and ways of life.
The traits passed down through our DNA allow us to identify with
others based on our racial or physical appearance. The shared morals
passed down, that over generations become traditions, allow us to
identify with one another based on other learned factors – the way we
dress, the way we behave, our language and our shared value system.</p>
<p>In a multicultural or multiracial society, not only do people
look different, but they dress differently and have different values,
different traditions and different ways of life. So it is natural that we
seek out those like us and cluster together with our own, feeling
more at home and happy around our own where we can enjoy the
comforts of being around others like us.</p>
<p>That is why the analogy of a wider society that is
composed of many different groups being like one big melting pot
is simply a fantasy. The reality is people on the whole like to stick
with their own – after all that is their natural calling. Hence in
multicultural and multiracial societies different cultural groups
cluster together rather than choosing to mix with another. Areas
in cities and towns can be defined by the people living there,
people who are part of one wider society, yet have made the
conscious choice to live in closer proximity with those who share
similar racial features or cultural ties.</p>
<p>As different groups refuse to integrate with one another,
instead opting to remain as separate and distinct entities in an effort
to retain their own culture, tensions often rise within the wider
society. Each group wants a better deal for their own people.
Whereas in the perfect society people pulled together and worked
toward common goals and pulled in the same direction to achieve a
better life for everyone, now different interest groups pull in their
own directions and want a better deal for their own group – often at
the expense of the other groups within the wider society.</p>
<p>One group wants a community centre for their cultural
needs. They lobby, they demand, they petition and eventually the
squeaky hinge gets the oil. Religious buildings, cultural centres
and other services are built to serve that particular group – but are
of little or no use to other groups within the wider society. People
from particular groups then cluster around areas where their
community is better represented, where their needs are better catered to and where their community centres, religious buildings
and shops are closer.</p>
<p>As time goes by ethnic and cultural lines are drawn across the
wider society and people increasingly stick to their own areas –
feeling out of place when they venture into an area dominated by
another ethnic or cultural group. As a result, people move nearer to
their own group and seek to put distance between themselves and
groups they don't feel at home living next to – the effect is akin to
trying to mix oil and water.</p>
<p>A society that was once completely homogenous and
composed of just one cultural group can quickly be transformed
into a patchwork quilt of different people and cultures that are
largely separated in their own areas. The cohesive nature of society
has now been broken – replaced instead by many smaller and
individually cohesive units, each rubbing against one another as
they vie for dominance within the wider society.</p>
<p>As the different groups in society pull further away from one
another and continue to move in their own direction it is no longer
simply a matter of separate groups jockeying for position in order to
try and get a better deal for their own. Over time these groups begin
to take exception to the other groups present within the wider
society and demand laws to ensure that their way of life is respected
and adhered to by others. Sooner or later these factors lead to
increasing tensions and even conflict between different groups
within the wider society.</p>
<p>But introducing other groups into a homogenous society is
only one of the two ways that society can be broken down – the other
way this can occur is if people that make up a homogenous group lose
their bonds with one another and no longer form a cohesive group,
instead becoming a loose collection of self-interested individuals.</p>
<p>Now imagine what would happen in a multicultural society
composed of many different cultural groups, if one group was undermined. Imagine if as each different cultural group sought to
retain their cohesiveness and came together to secure a better life for
their group, one group started to lose their common bonds and
community consciousness. Imagine if one group, instead of
fighting for the good of its own people and acting like a colony,
became just a loose collection of individuals. Imagine if – as every
other cultural group present in the wider society pulled together
with their own – one group instead chose to increasingly spurn its
own culture and the individuals within that group sought self-
interest rather than putting their own community first.</p>
<p>Imagine what would happen to the group that showed this
weakness. That group would surely disappear; they would
disintegrate and no longer exist as a cohesive community, leaving
the people who once made up that group as helpless individuals.
Those individuals would then face the choice of either being
absorbed into one of the other different groups within the wider
society and taking on that group's culture, or they would simply go it
alone and be slowly bred out of existence.</p>
<p>For this fate to befall a cultural group, that group would have
to lose its shared sense of consciousness – or its shared superego.
This could of course be achieved by attacking the structures within
that group that kept it strong and allowed it to pass down its shared
superego from generation to generation. Ultimately this would
represent the death of that group's values and with it their traditions
and heritage. The values that bound that group together would
weaken and the group would fracture – and as a result the
individuals who once comprised that group would either be
assimilated into other cultures or die out.</p>
<p>This is the way Western man's enemies have plotted his
downfall – by simultaneously introducing other cultures into the
West and creating an imperfect, or multicultural society in which
many different groups all vie for dominance. Then by undermining the Western superego and Western man's sense of community
consciousness, that ties him to his brothers and sisters, the enemies
of the West have sought to leave Western man as a helpless group of
individuals rather than a community that can defend itself.</p>
<p>Western man's fate is then clear – to be bred out and be assimilated into other more dominant cultures.</p>

</body>
</html>
