<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>20: The Triumph of the Id and the Death of the West</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">20</span><br/>THE TRIUMPH OF THE ID AND THE DEATH OF THE WEST</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The death of the Western superego precedes the fall of Western man and the destruction of Western civilisation itself. The period we are now living in can be described as the end times for Western civilisation and the next few generations of Western man will bear witness to the death of the West. The conditions for a perfect storm are now in place and in that storm the West will be washed away and consigned to the history books – if indeed history books are ever written again in the absence of Western man.</p>
		<p>The death of the West will not come about in one magnificent yet tragic final battle that eclipses all others that have gone before it. The death of the West will not occur in some 'race war' or in a series of great conflicts where battle lines are clearly drawn and armies clash in a final epic military engagement. The death of the West will be a creeping one – like a cancer that eats away at an organism, slowly weakening the suffering creature over a long period of time. The death of the West will be akin to a death of a thousand cuts rather than one significant blow.</p>
		<p>Many have theorised that eventually immigrants that have come to settle in the West and whose communities have grown in size will one day turn on Western man – that foreign communities will form a fifth column within the West and initiate a great conflict on Western soil. This theory surmises a racial or religious conflict on a grand scale between Western man and those immigrants who have come to settle in the West yet retained a culture that is hostile to that of Western culture.</p>
		<p>This theory of a great war is not only misguided, but is also highly damaging to the cause of saving Western man. It relies on the idea that Western man is who he once was and that he still has his mind, body, soul and heart intact. The idea of a great racial or religious war – and one where Western man would be victorious – is actually laughable. This war will never take place, but instead the death of the West will take place house by house, street by street, town by town and city by city, like a creeping shroud falling over Western nations.</p>
		<p>Let's stop for one minute and actually analyse the theory behind the idea of a racial or religious conflict on the level some theorise – what's more, let's look at the likely outcome if such a war was to take place. For a giant conflict to engulf a nation, battle lines must first form and for this to occur different homogenous groups must exist. Homogenous groups form based on common bonds between the people who make up those groups.</p>
		<p>Therein lies the first major problem with the idea of a racial or religious war – whilst the different cultures and races that have emigrated to the West have retained their group consciousness, Western man has not. If there was a racial or religious conflict the individuals within homogenous communities would come together to protect their own community, but sadly Western man would be unlikely to come together with his brothers and sisters and would be unable to form a single homogenous group. The drive for individuality and isolation that has been pushed upon Western man by the enemies of the West has robbed Western man of the common bonds that once bound Western society together.</p>
		<p>Western man no longer has the common cultural bonds, traditions and moral values that once bound him to his brothers and sisters. Western society is no longer homogenous and cohesive; Western society is a loose-knit group of individuals who no longer relate to each other. The subcultures that have sprung up and been embraced so enthusiastically by Western man have driven him into ever smaller groups which no longer relate to one another.</p>
		<p>Western man used to know his neighbours – in fact he knew everyone on his street and the streets adjacent to where he lived. He worked with his neighbours, drank with his neighbours and went to church with them. Everyone in Western society knew one another and the common bonds they shared held them together as a community. Now many Western folk don't even know the names of those who live next door to them – let alone the names of all those who live on their street. Western man's public houses have closed, his industry has been exported and his churches lay empty.</p>
		<p>This is the complete opposite of the situation that can be observed in immigrant communities that have come to settle in the West. The immigrants that have settled in Western nations have formed their own strong and close-knit communities where people know each other, where there are established community leaders who command respect, where entire families live on the same street and where everyone knows the names of their neighbours. The people in these communities look out for one another, do business with one another and worship at the same temples. These communities cherish their traditions and wish to preserve the shared heritage which was passed down by their ancestors and now acts as the glue that holds their community together.</p>
		<p>If Western man was forced to come together as a group in order to fight a fifth column within his own nation, how would he fare? The answer is clear – he would be overwhelmed. Western society is a disparate group; a weak collection of individuals – many of these individuals wouldn't even want to stand with one another as they wouldn't know each other and wouldn't be able to relate to one another. On the other hand many immigrant communities would be strong and stand as one. The implications of this do not need explaining in detail.</p>
		<p>The second main reason that Western man would not emerge victorious from a civil war based along ethnic or cultural lines is that Western man no longer holds the right priorities in life. Western man is now materialistic, individualistic and hedonistic. Not only would Western man lack the strong community and the group consciousness needed in order to stand a chance of winning a civil war, but Western man would also lack the motivation to fight, for Western man no longer sees value in anything genuinely meaningful or worthwhile.</p>
		<p>When great sacrifices are made and great acts of bravery are displayed – such as in the Battle of Vienna – the men who faced such overwhelming odds had strong beliefs that allowed them to override their instinct of individual preservation in order to serve the greater good of their people. When faced with almost certain death the natural drive – provided from the ego (reality principle) – is to flee. However a developed superego can override that instinct and the preservation of the group is put before the preservation of the individual.</p>
		<p>The great sacrifices made by Western man throughout history were indicative of his priorities in life. Western man prioritised things that made him spiritually strong – family, folk, faith and soil. Western man had deep connections to his immediate nuclear family, the community in which he lived, his religion and the land that he called home. Now Western man is disconnected from all of these things. The nuclear family has been undermined, the Western community is fractured, religion has either been watered down or forgotten and finally Western man is no longer connected to the natural world around him, instead cocooned in walls of brick and concrete where he stares mindlessly at a variety of flickering screens.</p>
		<p>Western man's priorities in life made him strong and gave him good reasons to fight, however his priorities in life have now shifted. Individualism, hedonism and materialism have become the new priorities for Western man – but all of those callings are selfish and are centred on personal pleasure and self-gratification. Feeding those pleasures are the priority, which means in times of conflict Western man would be more likely to flee with as much wealth as he could carry or hide in order to live another day in the hope of continuing to seek personal pleasure at a later date.</p>
		<p>Think back to the days of the First World War – the bloodiest and most destructive period of warfare the world has ever known. What motivated Western man to climb up out of his trenches and charge at machine-gun emplacements protected by barbed wire fences? Trench warfare is one of the most brutal types of combat the world has ever known and one that sees enormous numbers of casualties stack up very quickly; in fact offensive manoeuvres were often almost suicidal. Yet what motivated young men to 'go over the top' and face certain death? The brave men who threw themselves into barbed wire fences and were cut down by machine-gun fire were motivated by spiritual priorities which strengthened their resolve and allowed them to override their own natural survival instinct.</p>
		<p>These same spiritual callings to folk, faith and family may be lost to Western man – but that doesn't mean they are lost to the immigrant communities that have settled in Western nations. Many of the immigrant communities living in the Western world still form strong families, have lower divorce rates, attend religious institutions regularly and as stated earlier are part of a tight-knit community. These higher spiritual priorities are what motivate people to fight bravely.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have stripped Western man of his spirituality and damaged the Western soul – replacing Western man's natural callings with warped false idols. But the immigrant communities that have flooded the West have retained their spiritual callings and have continued to prioritise the right things in life. As such if a conflict ever arose, Western man would not be fighting with the fervour of his enemies, but simply trying to live another day in order to carry on his pursuit of individualistic pleasures. By stripping Western man of his reasons to fight, the enemies of the West have pulled a horrible trick: they have left Western man not only isolated, but also left him lacking the inner convictions and motivations that made Western man such a formidable warrior.</p>
		<p>Finally and quite crucially, if a racial or religious war did erupt and plunge Western nations into a state of civil war, would Western man even allow himself to take part in a conflict where the battles lines were drawn up based on the ethnicity of the combatants? Western society is fractured; Western man is disparate and individualistic, but Western man is also brainwashed and enslaved by notions of white guilt that stem from false historical narratives of his colonial past, slavery and the holocaust. Western man has had his brave heart subdued out of the fear of being called a 'racist'.</p>
		<p>Would Western man have what it takes to actually participate in an ethnic conflict without fearing that he was in some way 'racist' for raising a hand in self-defence? Would Western man simply roll over and die before partaking in a battle where the lines were drawn on racial or religious grounds? Could Western man fight to defend the very people he has been taught to hate? Huge swathes of Western society would actively roll over and die, or worse still, attack the few Western men who sought to come together and defend their families and what was left of their communities.</p>
		<p>Some may mock this assertion and claim that 'when the time comes' Western man will 'wake up' and do what is 'necessary'. However those believing that years of media brainwashing will be undone in a single moment, similar to a 'road to Damascus' conversion, are simply delusional. The case of Muslim grooming gangs can again be cited – thousands of young Western girls have been sexually abused by Islamic immigrants, yet for over a decade there was silence on the issue as people feared it was worse to run the risk of being called 'racist' than it was to see Western girls being sexually abused.</p>
		<p>Western man is no longer brave and courageous, but is now craven and cowardly. The thought of being 'socially unacceptable' is now more frightening than the reality of having your daughter raped! The absurd notion that a single word could bring a grown man to his knees and have him break down in a fit of protestations and apologies should be laughable – yet this is no laughing matter. As soon as the word 'racist' is used it silences any form of debate or discourse and leaves the accused begging in order for the wider audience to see that he is not 'racist', but in fact 'tolerant' and fully in favour of 'diversity'.</p>
		<p>Imagine for a second that a great civil war was about to break out in Western nations and the divides in this war were to be formed on the grounds of ethnicity. If Western man stood up to defend himself he would be accused by his own misguided brothers and sisters of being 'racist'. Sadly these accusations would cause large numbers of Western men to bow their heads and sit down meekly to await their fate, as for some even death is preferable to being branded a racist!</p>
		<p>Do not underestimate the ability of the word 'racist' to disarm Western man. There are books written titled 'White Privilege', television shows commissioned called 'White Guilt' where Western folk sit and talk about their horrible feelings of guilt for the 'crimes' of their ancestors, and even marches take place where Western folk chain themselves together like slaves and walk through cities wearing t-shirts proclaiming they are 'so sorry'. Do not underestimate the effect that the prolonged message of white guilt and self-hate has had on the mind of Western man.</p>
		<p>Even if you choose to ignore the loss of community, the loss of a reason to fight and the fear of being called 'racist', there is still the issue of Western man's level of physical fitness. Does Western man even have the capacity to fight in a civil war? The answer is probably no. If there ever was a great conflict, how would the flabby and unfit Western man cope? Would he perform admirably on the battlefield, or would he put his junk food to one side, roll off his sofa, turn off the television and emerge from his home in a state that would see him short of breath before he had even faced his foe? Again, this is a question that requires no answer.</p>
		<p>So if the death of the West is rapidly approaching, and if the death of the West will not come about through civil strife or war, how will it occur? Quite simply the death of the West will come about through demographic change – it will happen house by house, street by street and town by town. It will be a slow process that accelerates over time until Western man is a minority in his own lands and is finally bred out of existence. This will not be genocide by the sword or by the gun, but genocide through diversity and creeping demographic change.</p>
		<p>Hundreds of thousands of immigrants flood Western nations each year. As those immigrants have a much higher birth rate, and because Western man's birth rate is in such shocking decline, the trend is clear. As time goes by Western man will become less dominant within the overall population until eventually he becomes a minority in his own land. It will start with houses in the same streets being slowly bought up by those from the same ethnic group who wish to live close by one another. Then when several streets are all made up of one ethnicity, the area will then slowly transform with shops, community centres and religious buildings being erected to serve the immigrant population. Eventually, as more and more of that ethnic group cluster together and as they have more and more children, it will not just be streets or areas that change, but whole towns and cities.</p>
		<p>Of course none of this happens overnight; it is a slow and creeping process and one that is aided by Western man himself. Western man now has fewer children and is increasingly eager to sell up and move away from areas experiencing demographic change. Western man does this in order to escape the issue that surrounds him and pretend it isn't happening – after all to oppose this demographic change would put Western man in jeopardy of being branding a racist! We have already seen that Western man's birth rate has fallen to a low of 1.3, a critical low from which there may well be no coming back.</p>
		<p>The ethnic groups coming to the West have a booming population and the sound of their children playing will fill the streets, conversely the sound of the coughs and splutters of Western man will fill retirement homes. The youthful and strong immigrant communities that have been formed in Western cities will grow and flourish, whilst the Western population literally withers and dies. There will be no need for civil conflict or a war that engulfs nations – the war will be won slowly and the West will die a prolonged and undignified death.</p>
		<p>By the middle of the 21<sup>st</sup> century, Western man will no longer be the majority in most Western nations. By that time, the whole political and social landscape in the West will have changed so dramatically that the West will effectively be on its deathbed. Those fantasising over a civil war or wishing for a glorious fightback will no longer be in any position to stage that fightback – the demographic shift will leave Western man as a disparate minority seeking individual safety.</p>
		<p>Granted, immigrant communities may well be more brazen when demographics have shifted further in their favour. It is highly likely that Western man will increasingly be the victim of racially or religiously motivated attacks. Western man will most likely bear witness to skirmishes that see what is left of his community being forced out of areas where he has become a minority. What's more, Western man will likely be admonished for not following the religious or cultural rules that have been imposed upon him by the immigrant population. But if Western man is not fighting back against these things now, when he is a majority, he certainly won't be fighting back against them as an aging minority that has experienced decades more of the brainwashing and white guilt pushed by the media.</p>
		<p>Western man may well see racially or religiously motivated rioting increase within the towns and cities where he was once a majority. Civil disorder and violence directed against Western man by those from immigrant communities may well also increase over time. What's more, the rioting and civil disorder may well last for days or even weeks at a time. There may be cases where Western man forms small pockets of resistance against such violence. But without an organised community, without shared morals, without deeper and spiritually meaningful priorities there will be no organised nationwide fightback. What's more, anyone planning such a fightback will have the spectre of the word 'racist' hanging over them.</p>
		<p>As this all unfolds – as the madness reaches a crescendo and the decay of Western civilisation accelerates – what of Western man, what will become of him? As things get worse – which they inevitably will, as cities and towns become foreign places and Western man becomes a stranger in his own land – most Western folk won't even notice. Western man will be too busy partying, consuming and cocooning himself in his own private world. Western man will fiddle as 'Rome burns'.</p>
		<p>With the death of the Western superego comes the unleashing of the id. Without a developed superego in place – and without a community-wide consciousness – Western man will be reduced to a creature that simply follows its most base instincts. As the West crumbles, and as Western man becomes a minority, he will be too busy gorging on junk food, abusing alcohol and drugs, partying in nightclubs, having promiscuous sex and pursuing every kind of hedonistic pursuit one can imagine. Without a developed superego to keep the id in check, Western man will merely be a beast driven by the pleasure principle.</p>
		<p>Not only will Western man not notice what is going on around him – he will not even care if it is pointed out. The only drives Western man will wish to satisfy are those of personal self-indulgent pleasure: Western man will not care for protecting his community and looking out for his brothers and sisters. As the West finally sinks, the look on the face of Western man will not be one of horror, but one of insane mirth as he dances toward his demise. The id will have truly triumphed and that triumph signals the fall of Western man and end of the West.</p>
		<p>However all is not yet lost. Western man may well be on the brink of extinction, but whilst Western man still clings on, there is a glimmer of hope and the chance of redemption. But as the enemies of the West have done everything they can to break Western man and damage his psyche, they have also placed false salvation in front of him. The enemies of the West are clever and resourceful; they know that their plan is not without flaws and they know that Western man is a formidable foe.</p>
		<p>But whilst there is false salvation and controlled opposition to the enemies of the West, there is also real hope and true salvation. Western man's true salvation lies in reclaiming what made him great and rediscovering the Western superego and resurrecting it in its true form. Before that can be done, first the false salvation that has been deviously created and controlled by the enemies of the West must be exposed and put to rest.</p>
		<p>To move forward Western man must walk down the correct path – not the paths laid out by his enemies that will lead him to dead ends and eventual extinction.</p>

</body>
</html>
