<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>11: The Role of Feminism – The Reduction of the Western Birth Rate</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">11</span><br/>THE ROLE OF FEMINISM – THE REDUCTION OF THE WESTERN BIRTH RATE</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">Feminism is an attack on the West, a divisive ideology that seeks to turn women against men and break the natural loving bonds that exist between males and females. The complementary pairing of man and woman has served the West well and literally built Western civilisation through mutual support and the growth of the nuclear family.</p>
		<p>Feminism does not only attack the male, but it also attacks the female. In order to allow the female to unnaturally compete with the male, and in order to achieve a sense of false equality, the female must alter her behaviour and adopt increasingly masculine traits. The female must lose her femininity, her loving, caring and nurturing side and must become hardened to her natural motherly and homely instincts. This represents the loss of one of the two components that is vital to the upbringing of a healthy and developed child – the loving mother.</p> <p>Feminism also demonises the male. Feminism propagates lies of a 'patriarchy' and 'rape culture' in order to make women distrust and even hate men. These beliefs set up a false dichotomy of the male being the slave master and abuser and of the female being the slave and the victim. This ideology of hate turns the woman away from her natural partner, lover and friend and creates an air of distrust between women and men. Trust however is the obvious foundation of any loving relationship, so with distrust and hate and a growing manufactured and false battle between the sexes, the big casualty is lasting relationships, marriage and the nuclear family.</p>
		<p>Women no longer want to be loving mothers, instead choosing to follow a path where they favour competing with males in the workplace rather than having children. It is not enough that women increasingly want to compete with males and become like males – thus having less children, but it is now a sad fact that women see children as a barrier to achieving their goals and see motherhood as wholly undesirable and something that holds them back.</p>
		<p>For the feminist, being a mother is not an honourable pursuit – it simply makes the woman a slave to her male counterpart and ties her to him. Children are no longer desirable; they are a drain on time, resources and money. Children have gone from being a natural and fulfilling addition to a woman's life to being simply baggage that slows a woman down in her race to achieve material goals.</p>
		<p>This is a key facet of the destruction of the Western soul and spirituality that the enemies of the West seek. The warm happiness and spiritual fulfilment that a loving couple gain from raising a family is replaced by individuals seeking greater material wealth. Material goals are put before everything, and the spiritual and soulful desires that brought loving couples together to procreate are now seen as a barrier to the new false idol to which Western people dedicate their life – materialism.</p>
		<p>The rise of the notion that a child is no longer desirable and in fact holds a woman back has obviously affected the Western birthrate in a dramatic way. But it is not enough that women decide to simply not have children by avoiding loving relationships and marriage. Women now decide to kill their unborn children in order to forgo motherhood and continue down a path of personal gain and materialistic pursuits.</p>
		<p>The West has witnessed the meteoric rise of abortion. We have talked earlier about the id and its selfish drive for pleasure and satisfaction and the superego and its drive for moral duty, values and selfless commitment to one's family and the larger community. Having a child and caring for and nurturing the next generation of one's people is the most selfless and noble act for a young woman to undertake.</p>
		<p>Abortion is the most selfish and immoral act; to abort a healthy child – essentially to kill your unborn baby in an effort to ensure your own selfish and materialistic gain – is the single most unnatural thing a woman can do. The overwhelming natural instinct has always been for the parent to put the child first at any cost. The loving parent would always go without if need be in order to ensure that their offspring had everything it needed. The loving parent has always had an overwhelming drive to protect their child and keep their child safe – even if that meant the parent putting themselves at risk.</p>
		<p>The developed superego and Western moral code always put the protection of the young first. Once an adult had brought a child into the world, the adult was no longer the centre of its own universe – the child was, and for the sake of that child the parent would strive relentlessly to ensure the child enjoyed the best quality of life possible.</p>
		<p>The love for a child was once selfless and unconditional, now it is anything but. The love for oneself and materialistic gain is now so great that killing one's unborn baby is not only desirable, but it is socially acceptable. Every natural drive has been turned on its head. This is yet another victory for the id, as immediate selfish gain is prioritised above the long-term well-being of one's child and the responsibility one should have toward that child.</p>
		<p>Obviously, there are of course cases where abortion should be considered by a woman, but these are few and far between. In the case of conception through rape or conception through incest where a father, brother or uncle is sleeping with a family member then of course abortion could well be justified – the same is true in underage relationships or where a minor has been groomed into sexual relations with an older male. There is also the case of children who will be born with major birth defects or significant disabilities which would drastically decrease the quality or length of life of the child. Finally, if the development of the child in some way puts the mother's life at risk and the continuation of the pregnancy or childbirth would likely result in the death of the infant and mother, it is best the infant is terminated.</p>
		<p>However, make no mistake: to terminate the life of a healthy baby out of selfish desire for material gain goes against every natural instinct a woman should feel. Abortion effectively takes the natural and motherly instincts a woman should feel and turns them on their head. What's more, wide-scale abortion in the West effectively terminates the future of Western man. Every year in England and Wales alone there are over 180,000 abortions; factor in the rest of the UK and you will likely reach a figure of around a quarter of a million unborn children being killed every year in Britain alone.</p>
		<p>What is even more frightening than the sheer number of abortions is the fact that the vast majority of those abortions are carried out on Western females and represent the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Western babies – something that will no doubt please the enemies of the West.</p>
		<p>The feminist will claim it is the woman's right to choose, it is her body! But that is not strictly true; the body of the child is a separate human who is composed of the DNA of both the mother and father – it is a living, breathing baby with a heart and mind. What's more, from a very early stage of development the child feels pain and reacts to its environment.</p>
		<p>Feminism sees abortion as a triumph of power and control for the female. Abortion is seen as a way for a woman to break free from the shackles of the 'patriarchy' and rebel against nature by throwing off her natural callings and truly advancing to a level where nothing can stop her in the pursuit of her new-found desire to compete with her male counterpart.</p>
		<p>Abortion also represents the defeat of personal responsibility. It is yet another damaging and false moral code for the young Western mind, teaching the next generation that one should not have to take responsibility for one's actions and that taking the easy way out is morally acceptable. To make abortion socially acceptable emphasises that one can do as one pleases and pursue pleasure – in this case sexual pleasure – without having to worry about consequence or duty. Again, short-term gain and individual pleasure are put before responsibility and long-term commitment.</p>
		<p>Feminism has further affected the birth rate by prompting women to see men as their competition, not their partners. The drive to compete with the male has made the man the enemy of the woman. This division between the sexes has led to women no longer wanting loving relationships as they distrust men and see them as the enemy. No one wishes to share a home and pursue a loving relationship with their natural enemy – but therein lays the problem, men and women were never meant to be enemies, and it is wholly unnatural for them to be so. Again the feminist mindset reduces the chance of women becoming mothers or having large families by setting the female against the male.</p>
		<p>The final role of feminism is clear – it is not only an attack on femininity and the loving mother, it is not just an attack on men and the formation of couples and marriage – it is an attack on the very future of the West. The final goal of feminism, and the enemies of the West who promote it, is the reduction of the Western birth rate. Through warping the mind of Western females by the promotion of materialistic goals, promoting competition with, and distrust for, men and the growing trend of abortion on demand, the Western birth rate has been decimated.</p>
		<p>The very future of Western man lies in mortal jeopardy as Western folk are no longer breeding and are no longer having large enough families. Western couples leave it ever later to have children and put off their duty to their community for the extension of short-term materialistic pleasure which they wish to carry on long into their thirties and forties.</p>
		<p>It is true to say that the future of any race or culture lies within their women's wombs. No race, culture or tribe that has ever survived and prospered has done so with a declining birth rate or an aging population. The future of a people lies in its ability to pass on it genes and then its morals and values to the next generation and to ensure that the next generation survives, prospers and carries on down the path laid out by its forefathers. If the birth rate of a group falls and the next generation is continually smaller than the last, then regardless of all else, that group faces certain extinction.</p>
		<p>Western civilisation took stock of this fact and that is why the moral code passed down from generation to generation was to protect and cherish the woman and the child. The learned moral code and a key part of the Western superego that was passed down from generation to generation was that women and children come first, and if necessary the man should lay down his life in order to protect and shelter the next generation and those who would raise them.</p>
		<p>Men took the most dangerous jobs; men left the home to go and fight wars and men toiled in order to feed, clothe and protect their families. Part of the developed Western superego – the very collective consciousness of Western man – was to ensure the survival of the females in society in order to always allow for the population to rebound and the maximum number of children to be raised even if the male population declined through war or hardship.</p>

		<p class="top"><b><i>To go back to our analogy of bees, many worker bees can perish, as can many drones, and the colony can still recover. However the loss of the queen would be catastrophic as she is the one who gives birth to the next generation – without her there is no next generation. It would not matter how hard the worker bees toiled, or how much pollen they collected or how well they defended the hive – it would all be for nothing, a futile act, if they were the last of their kind. Without the prospect of a future generation to carry on their legacy, all the hard work and all the sacrifice would be in vain as their DNA and their colony would vanish, relegating them to extinction.</i></b></p>

		<p class="top">The same is true for humans, and it is exactly why the females in Western society have always been protected – because they, like the queen bees, are the ones who literally carry the future of their community within them. Western society knew that often there would be great conflicts, war and cataclysms and in those times brave and worthy men would make the ultimate sacrifice, because as long as the females of breeding age and younger survived, that sacrifice would not be in vain.</p>
		<p>To put this on a very simple mathematical level – if society is composed of a hundred females and ten males, in nine months' time there can be a hundred females, ten males and roughly a hundred children. If a society is composed of a hundred males and ten females, in nine months' time there can be a hundred males, ten females and around ten children. One society has the chance to grow rapidly and increase in number, and the other is likely to reduce in number and have demographic problems which will most likely lead to its extinction.</p>
		<p>This is why females were protected and kept out of harm's way – not because of the evil patriarchy that wanted to keep them from greatness nor because they were slaves, but because the future of the Western man lay in their wombs. The crucial issue is the replacement of the population; a society can either grow or be sent into decline due to the number of children it produces from females of breeding age. When discussing the number of children being born in any society there is a crucial figure to bear in mind, this figure is known as the replacement rate.</p>
		<p>The replacement rate is defined as the number of babies needed per female of breeding age in order to simply maintain the population at its current level. The figure of 2.1 is widely considered to be the “replacement rate” – the average number of births per woman that will maintain a group's current population level. Many Western birth rates have now fallen as low as 1.3. By Western birth rates we mean the birth rate of people who are of European heritage – not those of immigrant populations.</p>
		<p>The birth rate of 1.3 is a critical low point and to demographers this number has a special mathematical importance. At a birth rate of as low as 1.3, a group's population would be cut in half in less than half a century, creating a falling-off-a-cliff effect from which it would be nearly impossible to recover. In less than fifty years the population would halve, and the downward spiral would be so severe that it would be almost impossible for that population to recover.</p>
		<p>As the birth rate falls, not only does the population decline, but there is also a demographic shift from a young population to an aging population. The aging population is no longer productive or reproductive and needs to be supported by the decreasing number of young people within that society. This demographic shift puts a greater pressure on the young, as rather than having time to procreate and raise families, they spend increasing amounts of time tending to the elderly.</p>
		<p>This drive to protect the elderly and support the elderly results in longer working hours, more duties in the home and reduced free time which all hamper not only the time spent meeting prospective partners and making children, but also the free time available to raise children.</p>
		<p>But the birth rate of Western women is only the tip of the iceberg. If we lived in a perfect society, which as discussed earlier is both homogenous and monocultural, a falling birth rate would still be a serious cause for concern as it would be an indicator that serious issues were plaguing the population and driving people away from the natural call to procreate and raise families. However, despite the issue of a declining population, the group would remain homogenous and be more likely to retain its culture and hence more likely to make the difficult recovery necessary in order to raise its birth rate and recover.</p>
		<p>Monocultural societies have suffered declining birth rates during times of war, famine and hardship – however they have recovered afterwards. The birth rate sharply declined in periods of war where men were away from home fighting overseas and were separated from their wives. These periods were always followed by a 'baby boom' when the conflict was concluded as the men returned home and there was a natural drive to have children and repopulate.</p>
		<p>Sadly we do not live in a perfect society – we live in an imperfect society. Western countries are now no longer monocultural, but they are multicultural and multiracial. Many different groups live within one wider society and as discussed in earlier chapters, these groups all have their own respective cultures, traditions and moral values that cause them to be distinct and to pull in different and sometimes opposite directions to the other groups within that wider society.</p>
		<p>Earlier it was stated that if one group within a wider multicultural or multiracial society was to start to decline and shrink in number and lose its cultural ties which bound the individuals in that group together, it would likely be dominated, destroyed and absorbed by the other stronger groups within that wider society and hence cease to exist.</p>
		<p>Western man now struggles with a critically low birth rate, and we know that the native populations of Western countries are in decline. However it is constantly stated that Western nations have a growing population – in fact the UK population has steadily grown over the last fifty years from 50 million to over 64 million. It is worth noting that 64 million is the official number which relies on official census data – this figure takes no account of those living within the UK illegally or those not filling out the census accurately – the likely truth is that the population of the UK is far closer to 70 million.</p>
		<p>If those who are native to the UK are in decline, if their birth rate is falling, then there can only be one conclusion to why the overall population is increasing at such a rate – immigration and the rapid growth and explosive birth rates of the immigrant communities that have settled in the UK. This is a recipe for disaster for Western civilisation and Western culture, as due to the demographic issues plaguing Western nations, it looks increasingly likely that Western man will become a minority in his own homelands.</p>
		<p>Western nations face a double-edged demographic sword – a critically low birth rate mixed with an explosive growth in the immigrant population, an immigrant population that is culturally foreign and often seeks cultural and social dominance over the native people. Dominance is a goal that is far more easily achieved when numbers and demographics are on your side – and those numbers and demographics are not in the favour of Western man.</p>
		<p>Feminism has had several wide-ranging effects on Western society – it has driven a wedge between the natural partnership of man and woman, setting them against one another, it has changed the mindset of the female and made her more materialistic and most crucially it has caused a shift away from childbirth and reproduction that has drastically affected the Western birth rate. The enemies of the West and the individuals who push the feminist agenda know this, and they know what effect these trends will have on the long-term stability of Western society and the survival prospects of Western man. </p>
		<p>Feminism is just one of the attacks on the Western consciousness that seeks to undermine the family and reduce the Western birth rate, but arguably it is the most important. Materialism and selfishness from both sexes have seen a huge rise in the number of individuals who choose not to have children, or who choose to have fewer children.</p>
		<p>The defining characteristic of feminism that sets it apart from other attacks on Western man is that feminism seeks to actively break the woman's maternal instinct. Feminism seeks to repress every natural and motherly instinct a woman may have, ensuring that those who hold the future of Western man in their wombs are no longer willing to have children. Regardless of the number of men who would wish for a child, it is all but irrelevant if the females within the group refuse to play their part and choose instead to turn their back on the ideals of family and motherhood.</p>
		<p>The West is now reaching a crucial point its history, a critically low birth rate is coupled with a large, growing and culturally aggressive immigrant community. If this continues, Western man will slowly disappear with a whimper rather than a roar and Western civilisation will be confined to the history books.</p>
		<p>The Western female must regain her sense of selflessness and rediscover her natural feminine urges and motherly callings and join with the Western male to form the family bonds that served the West so well and helped lay the founding blocks for Western civilisation. If she does not, Western man will stand alongside the dinosaurs as a once great but now extinct form of life – but this is of course just what the enemies of the West and those who propagate feminism would wish.</p>

</body>
</html>
