<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>13: The Destruction of Loving Relationships</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">13</span><br/>THE DESTRUCTION OF LOVING RELATIONSHIPS</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The two most natural instincts any creature possesses are the will to survive and the wish to reproduce. People often ask; 'what is the meaning of life?' Fundamentally the meaning of life is life itself – and that truth is expressed in the will of an individual to both survive and procreate. In the simplest terms, a successful organism attempts to prolong its own life for as long as possible and during that life seeks to reproduce and ensure its offspring survives to maturity.</p>
		<p>Throughout the history of this planet the strongest, the best adapted to survive and those with a natural advantage over others have lived longer. The longer an organism lives, the more chances it will have to procreate and pass on its genes to the next generation ensuring that ultimately the organism lives on after death through future generations of its offspring.</p>
		<p>This has led to natural selection and the slow improvement of the gene pool over time. The weaker individuals in any group died more readily and at a younger age, hence they were less likely to pass on their genetic code and the weaknesses within it. The strong survived longer and were more likely to pass on their genetic material. Hence, over time, weak traits and characteristics were likely to be bred out of a group and strong traits and characteristics were likely to become more prevalent within the group and over time those traits would improve further and become progressively stronger.</p>
		<p>Over tens of thousands of years this slow and arduous process has led to many incremental changes and improvements and Western man has changed and developed to become what he is today. Two of the most unique traits of Western man are his ability to reason and his inventive spirit. These traits are surely a consequence of living in such harsh conditions during Western man's early development in Northern Europe.</p>
		<p>If early Western man was not hard-working, tenacious and inventive he would have perished in the harsh winters as he would have either frozen or run out of food and starved to death. These conditions meant only the best managed to survive and went on to pass down their genetics which in turn improved the gene pool – this was the very beginning of Western civilisation. This same inventive and creative edge went on to give the world electricity, the combustion engine, great works of architecture as well as artistic and cultural masterpieces.</p>
		<p>For all this to take place though, sex was necessary. Sex is a natural drive governed by the id. As such sex is something that we seek immediate animalistic satisfaction from. The fact that sex feels good and is so enjoyable is of course an evolutionary advantage. The survival of any organism depends on its ability to reproduce and if the act of copulation was painful, disgusting or undesirable that would be a major evolutionary flaw as the organism in question would be less likely to reproduce. Sex being pleasurable is an evolutionary advantage as it makes us want to do it; it tempts us into sharing our genetics and creating the next generation – hence ensuring our continued survival.</p>
		<p>Early Western man soon learned not to be driven simply by sexual desire. As sexual desire is a product of the id, it needs to be restrained and controlled by a developed superego. This superego and mental control over sexual urges started to develop back in the earliest days of Western man's development.</p>
		<p>We have already discussed the pressures on early Western man that helped create the beginnings of the nuclear family. Western man had the urge for sexual gratification, but because of the harsh winters and difficult conditions in Western man's northern homelands, a man that abandoned his partner was unlikely to see his offspring survive. The Western male had to stand by his female companion and they had to work together in order to protect and nurture their children and ensure their survival.</p>
		<p>Those who gave into their primitive drives and pursued sex with many different partners, choosing to abandon their children, rapidly saw their bloodlines die out. Those who stuck with one partner and controlled their urges, confining themselves to sexual activity with that partner, saw their offspring survive as they were there to protect and nurture those offspring as part of a two-parent family. This was the beginning of the trend toward monogamy and lasting life partnerships.</p>
		<p>At this point it serves us to be reminded that human beings, whilst still being a part of the animal kingdom, are much more mentally developed than other creatures. As such, the bonds we form with our life partners are based on more than simple attraction, sexual chemistry and the desire to procreate. Humans developed a powerful emotion which served to bond two individuals to one another for life – that emotion is love.</p>
		<p>Love is the deeper emotion that causes a human to commit completely and exclusively to one single partner. Love binds us to our partner for life and provides powerful urges to cherish and protect our partner at all costs. Love is a crucial part of the superego and forms part of our conscience; it is something that allows us to bond with others on a higher level and most importantly it overrides the id – we forgo sexual pleasures with others in order to protect the feelings of the one we love. The fact we choose to stay loyal to one individual shows restraint and conscience which is indicative of a developed superego.</p>
		<p>Love is the emotion that sets one person above all others in the eyes of their partner. It is the emotion that stops an individual straying and simply going off and pursuing endless sexual liaisons with random partners. Crucially, love transforms sex from an animalistic act based on self-gratification and pleasure alone into a loving act which satisfies the spirit as much as it does the body. Love takes sex to a higher level and thus promotes monogamy and lasting human relationships. Love builds the nuclear family and is thus responsible for helping to build Western civilisation.</p>
		<p>As Western society developed, love was enshrined and ratified in the act of marriage. This is evidenced in modern marriage vows; '...to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish; from this day forward until death do us part'. The words 'love', 'cherish', and 'until death do us part', underpin every marriage. They are not a social or religious construct, but reflect a natural urge which religions sought to enshrine in law for the good of society.</p>
		<p>This is another example of how religion and the state enacted laws around natural Western callings and sought to further strengthen and ratify the structures Western man had evolved in order to strengthen Western society. In a very real sense marriage is the ratification of nature's calling – a two-parent family bonded by love for life.</p>
		<p>Marriage made it socially unacceptable to stray from one's partner. Marriage enshrined the loving couple, and the very concept of being spiritually bound to a single partner for life became part of the Western superego. Western man's collective consciousness and thus society as a whole frowned on those who gave in to their carnal desires and looked up to and praised those who prospered as clean living monogamous couples.</p>
		<p>Those who chose to break the code of marriage, those who chose a life of promiscuity and gave into their id, were scorned by society. Men and women who had many sexual partners were looked down on and seen as dirty; as a result they were shunned by society. But it was not just society that punished the sexually promiscuous – nature did also. Those who had many partners and slept around were more likely to contract sexually transmitted diseases which reduced their capacity to reproduce and even shortened their lifespan. Both society and the natural world applied pressure on Western man in order to promote a monogamous lifestyle, those failing to live a monogamous life were punished either by the collective consciousness or by nature itself.</p>
		<p>Imagine the effect it would have on Western society if natural and loving monogamous relationships were undermined. Imagine if sex became just a carnal desire and was divorced from love and emotion. Imagine if everything in Western society was sexualised in order to tempt individuals into giving in to their id, whilst at the same time the superego was undermined in an effort to create a society where wild promiscuous sex was the acceptable norm. This would undermine marriage, social cohesiveness and most importantly lasting monogamous relationships and the heart of Western society – the nuclear family.</p>
		<p>But you do not have to imagine this scenario – the enemies of the West are doing just this. Through the constant sexualisation of literally everything we view and interact with and the relentless pushing of pornography, nudity and sexually-charged material, the enemies of the West have undermined love and the loving relationship in an attempt to reduce Western man to a mere sexual beast who craves to fulfil the animalistic desires of the id. Central to this attack on society, and one of the greatest negative influences on both society and the individual, is pornography.</p>
		<p>Pornography is one of the most destructive influences on the Western superego. Pornography is simply sex for the sake of sex, pure carnal desires being fulfilled in a soulless and often degrading and debased manner. Pornography does not have a conscience for monogamy; it is by its very nature promiscuous, and the more partners, and often the more people that are involved in the sex act, the better. Pornography fuels the id and undermines the superego; as such it is highly addictive.</p>
		<p>The sex acts carried out in pornographic films are not natural and loving sex acts between monogamous partners – but are often brutal and unnatural. The women employed by the porn industry are more often than not extremely beautiful and the acts they partake in are extremely degrading, humiliating and in many cases unnatural. Pornography is not just an attack on the superego and the foundation of the loving relationship, but is a way in which the enemies of the West can revel in the degradation, objectification and humiliation of beautiful Western females.</p>
		<p>The first thing that is noted about pornography is the number of sexual partners each individual has. The sex acts depicted in pornography are not between monogamous partners, but instead both men and women have dozens if not hundreds of sexual partners over their 'career'. This sexual variety is then seen as desirable by those who watch pornography. The idea that it is desirable to have one sexual partner who satisfies the every need of their lover is jettisoned for the notion that satisfaction comes from many different partners who all fulfil a different need and perform a different sexual role.</p>
		<p>The next highly damaging influence associated with pornography comes from the way in which men and women have sex on camera. Sex evolved to be a loving act, not an act of violence or degradation. Yet in pornography sex is more often than not degrading and violent. Women are dragged around, sodomised and degraded in a way that would not make a female feel loved, but instead make her feel used and worthless. Often more than just two people are involved in these acts – making these sex acts the very opposite of a loving embrace. The effect of this is for men to see women not as loving partners, and sex not as a loving act, but to see women as objects to degrade and humiliate, and for sex to be violent and debased.</p>
		<p>There is also no doubt that the enemies of the West who push this filth get some sick satisfaction from watching beautiful Western females being degraded and humiliated in violent sexual acts in which they are treated like pieces of meat. The females who star in these films are unloved, unvalued and ultimately are portrayed as nothing more than soulless sexual objects.</p>
		<p>Finally, sex simply for the sake of sex is not fulfilling. Western man has evolved to be satisfied by natural and loving sex in which there exists a greater bond between the couple involved than simply physical attraction. Pornography removes that natural component of the sexual experience and thus is not truly fulfilling. Pornography becomes like a drug; it is addictive and the 'high' lasts a short while but never leads to lasting fulfilment, so it needs to be indulged in more and more often, and the nature of the material viewed often becomes more and more extreme as the viewer searches for new experiences.</p>
		<p>As a drug addict becomes used to a drug, smaller and less potent doses have less of an effect over time causing the addict to seek out larger doses or stronger stimulants. The same happens to the porn addict – over time softer and more restrained images and scenes have less of an effect and the addict seeks out material that pushes the envelope of degeneracy even further.</p>
		<p>This overexposure to sexual material drives perversion, and sick fetishes emerge, further warping the mind of those who indulge in such material. But the problem is everyone indulges in this whether they wish to or not as Western man is now surrounded by pornography and sexually explicit material. Pornography is no longer restricted to dirty back street stores and sweaty truck stops; sadly pornography is now part of the mainstream. 'Porn stars' are now seen as celebrities and held up as twisted role models and what would once have been seen as sexually explicit material is now shown on prime-time television.</p>
		<p>All of this fuels the id and increases Western man's drive for sex and sexual release. Western man's collective consciousness and superego are further damaged as those within Western society look to fulfil their carnal desires as many times as possible with as many partners as possible rather than forming loving bonds with a single partner. The biggest victim of this drive to sexualise Western society is the nuclear family; again the cornerstone of Western civilisation is under attack.</p>
		<p>But where are the feminists you ask? The feminists should surely be up in arms over pornography and marching on those who produce it! Pornography is sexually degrading and objectifies women, presenting them as mere pieces of meat that are simply there to satisfy male sexual desires. However the feminists are suspiciously silent. The same feminists who attack and picket beauty pageants are nowhere to be seen when it comes to opposing pornography.</p>
		<p>Beauty pageants are however not sexual. Beauty pageants seek to hold up Western beauty as an ideal; they are part of the deification of the Western female. Beauty pageants hold up the natural and high ideal of a beautiful and feminine female as a role model and ideal self for young females. Feminism hates femininity and beauty as those are womanly virtues, virtues that the feminist seeks to supplant as they push for the female to become ever more masculine.</p>
		<p>So whilst the feminist attacks the beauty pageant and scorns the noble practice of holding up natural beauty and worshipping true femininity, the feminist stays silent on the degrading practices and sexual violence of the porn industry. This is quite simply because both feminism and pornography are weapons used to destroy the West and attack the Western nuclear family. Those behind feminism and pornography are one and the same.</p>
		<p>The level of sexualisation within society and the availability of sexually explicit material and pornography is frightening – it is a sure sign of the total moral decay of Western society. Sexualised images, sexual themes and an increasingly sexualised sense of attire stirs and arouses the animalistic urges of the id. The highly sexualised society would be bad enough if it were just adults that were exposed to it. Adults with healthy and developed superegos could withstand much of the bombardment of sexualised material as the moral values they held would keep their id in check.</p>
		<p>However, the sexualisation of society is extended to young people and even children. More and more children are exposed to sexualised themes, sexualised role models, sexual acts depicted on television and in film and even hard-core pornography which is now readily available and easy to access for anyone with the most basic technological skills. This leads to the destruction of the child's innocence and the sexualisation of children. This has a hugely damaging effect on the developing superego and imparts the warped moral values of promiscuous and unnatural sex being healthy, normal and desirable.</p>
		<p>Just take the following lyrics as an example of the sexually charged material children are exposed to – this comes from the chart topping song by Rhianna – an idol to millions of young girls and a global megastar who has sold over 200 million albums and singles. Her song 'S&amp;M' was a global mega hit and enjoyed huge radio play and massive exposure on television. The lyrics are as follows:</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>Cause I may be bad</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>But I'm perfectly good at it</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Sex in the air</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>I don't care</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>I love the smell of it</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Sticks and stones</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>May break my bones</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>But chains and whips</i></b></p>
		<p class="noindent"><b><i>Excite me</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">Rihanna is a role model to young girls and 'S&amp;M' is a song that millions of these impressionable and often pre-pubescent girls would have listened to and sang along to. The song is highly sexualised and its themes are bondage, sex and sadomasochism, yet it is a pop song aimed at youngsters.</p>
		<p>The sexualisation of children teaches young boys that females are pieces of meat to be objectified and that to have as many partners as possible is a noble and healthy pursuit – it forces the male into thinking that females are not to be loved and cherished but are there simply as sex objects. The sexualisation of young girls teaches them that they should present themselves in a sexualised manner for the pleasure of young men and that sexual attention on an animal level should be desirable and sought after.</p>
		<p>This leads to an utterly warped set of moral values that, when presented to children, damages the formation of their superego. Without a well-developed superego youngsters are left answering to the call of their id which leads them to pursue a path of selfish and destructive pleasure. What makes this even more damaging is that the drive to sexualise children does not occur in a society where there are healthy role models, parental figures and safeguards to steer children back in the right direction.</p>
		<p>Young girls now dress akin to little strippers and young boys fantasise about sex at an ever younger age. It has become normal for sexual relations to start at a younger and younger age when those taking part in them are not mentally developed enough to either truly understand the consequences of their actions or to deal with those consequences should they occur.</p>
		<p>Western civilisation was built on the healthy two-parent family where strong and mature adults raised children and imparted a healthy superego to those children. Yet when children are still learning, developing and having their superego imparted to them, they are not ready to have their own children. For children to become parents and attempt to raise their own children, when they themselves are not fully mentally developed, is a recipe for disaster. A child is not suited to overseeing the mental and social development of another human being, and for children to be placed in positions of parental responsibility is a further sign of a decaying society.</p>
		<p>Mentally undeveloped children now seek unnatural sexual relations fuelled by their exposure to pornography and sexualised images presented by the media. These youngsters crave warped, unnatural and often degrading sexual encounters which take place without love or emotional value. These children do not care for the consequences of their actions and are not capable of dealing with those consequences if they occur. The sexualisation of Western youth is one of the most grotesque and damaging attacks on Western man and Western civilisation.</p>
		<p>Healthy sexual relationships were once confined to the bedroom and took place between two consenting and loving adults that had made a commitment to be with one another. Sex has now been unleashed in a way not seen before and is no longer subject to any social confines – it is a no-holds-barred, anything goes free-for-all that affects every aspect of our daily lives as Western society has become hyper-sexualised.</p>
		<p>The healthy, loving and natural sexual relations that evolved and developed within Western society are now thrown to one side and replaced by unnatural sex that seeks to only please the body with no concern for the heart, mind or soul. The superego that imparted the moral value that sex should be between two people who are in a loving and stable relationship has been undermined, and the id now reigns supreme as people clamour for ever more sexual gratification with as many partners as possible.</p>
		<p>This not only undermines the family and puts at risk the moral fortitude of the next generation, but it also undermines our own sexual and mental health as we seek out increasingly depraved acts to fulfil an id that is never truly satisfied.</p>
		<p>However the greatest casualty of this 'sexual revolution' is the young. Not only do the young suffer as the divorce rate rises and more and more single parent families are created through wild sexual encounters between individuals who rarely think of the consequences of their actions, but the young also suffer as their minds are warped due to exposure to highly sexualised content in the media, the increasing availability of pornography and other influences that the enemies of the West have foisted upon Western society.</p>
		<p>The destruction of the loving and healthy sexual relationship undermines the very core of Western society. Humans are a higher form of being, and sex has evolved from an animalistic sexual act to a spiritual and loving coming together of two compatible individuals. Once love is removed from the sexual equation we are reduced back to the level of animals – and what more could the enemies of the West want than to see Western man reduced to the level of debased cattle?</p>

</body>
</html>
