<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>25: Redemption</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">25</span><br/>REDEMPTION</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">Western man now stands on the very edge of the precipice and stares into the abyss. Western man faces extinction – both culturally and racially. This is not something that will happen in the distant future, but something that will happen within the next century; in fact Western man will find himself outbred and a minority in his own homelands within a matter of decades. Already the situation is critical with Western birth rates at an all-time low.</p>
		<p>To see the reality of the demographic shift, one need only to look at the composition of primary schools in the Western world. In the UK nearly one third of primary school children are not ethnically British – and that is probably underestimating the extent of the problem. What's more, with huge numbers of immigrants entering Europe every month, the demographic trend will only accelerate over time and the situation for Western man will worsen.</p>
		<p>But no matter how close Western man is to the edge, no matter how dark things may look and no matter how overwhelming the odds appear – there is always hope and there is always the chance for redemption. 'Only he is lost who gives himself up for lost' is an apt quotation and should never be forgotten. For as long as Western man has a will to fight and a will to survive he can seek redemption.</p>
		<p>Western man must not stand with his head bowed and allow his spirit to be further weakened. Now is not the time for quiet contemplation or despair. Surely now is the time for the fightback to begin – for if a fightback does not happen now, then there will never be one. Western man must make a choice – he can either continue on his current path of individualism and hedonistic degeneracy, or he can rise again and reunite his blood, reclaim his soil and take charge of his own destiny. But rest assured; if he chooses the former he will face extinction.</p>
		<p>However, for Western man to rise again, he must throw off the shackles that have been imposed upon him by the enemies of the West. The fightback starts with a change of mindset; Western man must first break the mental chains placed upon him and set himself free from the mental cage in which he has been imprisoned. This change of mind starts with each and every one of us. We must look at ourselves and assess how we have been affected by the ideological poison that has been fed to us. But in doing so we must be brutally honest and we must not fear admitting to the mistakes that we have made.</p>
		<p>This book has exposed the way that Western man has been broken and the ways in which Western society has been undermined. This book has also exposed and critiqued many different vices and negative influences that Western man has embraced. The intention of this was not to insult or irritate – but to enlighten and educate. For despite some of the truths in this book being difficult to swallow, they are truths nonetheless.</p>
		<p>It can often be hard to accept difficult truths – and even harder to accept truths that can appear as personal criticisms. But we have all made mistakes in our lives and not one of us is perfect. The ability to take criticism is the mark of a mentally developed and well-rounded adult. If one wishes to develop and mature, one must listen to criticism and act on it in order to strive to remove negative influences and behaviour from one's life.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have had a great advantage when propagating the filth and degeneracy that they have pushed upon Western society. The vast majority of the poison that they pour out is not only extremely enjoyable, but it is also highly addictive. As such it would be impossible to find an individual that hasn't in some way bought into the debased material and degenerate lifestyles that are promoted by the enemies of the West.</p>
		<p>You may have been promiscuous, you may have taken drugs, you may have spent weekends binge drinking, you may have embraced body modification or indulged in a lifestyle of overeating and laziness. The point is, at one time or another all of us have embraced vices, and all of us have been tainted by the degeneracy that surrounds us. As stated earlier, it would be impossible to live in a sewer and remain clean – and make no mistake; the West has become a moral sewer. We are all surrounded by so much poison and filth it would be impossible for it not to affect us in some way.</p>
		<p>The important lesson is that we acknowledge the negative influences in our lives. We have all been tricked and misled by the divisive and anti-Western material that surrounds us, but once we are aware of the way we have been misled, it is important that we reassess where we are headed and change our direction in order to stop walking the wrong path. It takes great strength to admit to being fooled and to admit to having made mistakes and poor decisions. But only an imbecile or a pig-headed fool would continue down a road once it had been ably pointed out that they were headed to a dead end.</p>
		<p>Before Western man can start thinking about saving his community, he must first look at himself and cast off the destructive influences that have affected him personally. All of us must do this, because if we are ever to start a clean slate, we cannot taint that clean slate with the poisonous influences that have brought the West to the brink. To start building a better future, Western man must separate himself from the poison that surrounds him. To start again with corrupting influences would only lead us back to where we are now.</p>
		<p>Once we have freed ourselves from the influences that have destroyed the Western mind, poisoned the Western body, corrupted the Western soul and broken the Western heart can we set about building a new and better future, and we can set about putting Western man back on the right path. Once we have freed ourselves from the shackles placed upon us, we must rise up and strive for excellence in a way that would make our ancestors proud. We must embrace Western culture, traditionalism and rediscover the Western superego.</p>
		<p>As individuals we must strive to be the best we can and base our vision of an ideal self on the idea of the Western superman. We must aim for excellence in everything we do and aim to be the ones that serve as an inspiration for others around us. We must become writers, artists, poets, athletes and captains of industry, and we must set an example for all so that when we come together as a community others look toward us as a beacon of everything that is good and strong.</p>
		<p>Everyone has something they can excel at. It is important to try to be the best you can be and strive to make a difference. Attempt to make excellence part of your everyday life: be polite, be courteous, speak correctly, hold your head up high, present yourself in smart attire and be well groomed. Never allow yourself to get stuck in the pitfalls and traps laid out for you. Never settle for second best and most importantly never let yourself down and fail to give your all when it matters. For if you are content with failure and mediocrity you only play into the hands of those who wish to see Western man wiped from the face of the earth.</p>
		<p>Once you have become the best you can be, join with others who share your goals and who also seek excellence. Work as a community, not just to better yourself, but to better everyone who is a part of that community. Once you have risen up and set an example, hold out your hand and help others who look toward you and wish to emulate what you have done. There is always someone worse off than you and someone who needs help; make it your duty to help that person rise so they can stand alongside you. This community spirit is what built the West and can serve to resurrect it even at this late hour.</p>
		<p>By reconnecting with others around you, by building communities and by rediscovering what once bound Western man together, Western man can again be great. Make sure family and folk come first. Do not abandon your partner; do not turn your back on your brothers and sisters. Come together and treat your fellow man as you wish to be treated. Do not stop at simply building a community but go on to build a nation where you can be both safe and proud, a nation where you would want to bring up children, where the bonds between people are valued more highly than money and material objects. Discard the false idols of consumerism and materialism and build a society where happiness and fulfilment stems from spiritual pursuits.</p>
		<p>But most importantly, find a partner who shares this outlook and wishes to stand by your side. Find a partner and do the most important thing you can do – bring children into this world and ensure that Western man is not a dying breed. Fill the schools and parks with the sound of Western children playing – and make sure your children are brought up in the ways that honour your ancestors. Make sure your children are healthy, polite and well-mannered and that they too set an example for others.</p>
		<p>Build a lasting connection with one special person and bring children into this world – but also find a connection with the world itself and embrace nature. Reconnect with the land and soil that has provided for countless generations of Western man. Technology is fantastic and a testament to the inventive Western mind, but it should never be seen as an alternative to nature or serve to separate Western man from the natural world. Embrace a healthy lifestyle and teach your children to do the same.</p>
		<p>Walk in the countryside, spend time in the natural world and take in the natural beauty of the West. Being around nature will make your soul bloom and give you a renewed vigour for life, making you strong and healthy on both a physical and mental level. Make sure you eat natural food and exercise regularly – free yourself from the poison that corrupts your body and has turned Western man from a warrior into an unwieldly slob.</p>
		<p>Embrace the very things that were at the heart of the West and which allowed Western civilisation to grow and shape the world. Embrace family, folk and soil. As you do this, look back at the footsteps your ancestors left in the sand and honour the ways of the past – embrace traditionalism in all its forms and do not let the ways that have been alive for thousands of years perish and be forgotten. Our ancestors live on in our memories and in our actions; do not let them disappear and do not let their sacrifices be in vain.</p>
		<p>Never forget that a small group of people can make a big difference – that a few dedicated men and women can inspire others and can change the course of history. From small acorns grow mighty oaks, and what might seem insignificant on a political and social level today, can one day change the whole world. Every great journey has a starting point and always begins when an individual or a group chooses to take those first steps. Take the first steps of your personal journey of improvement today – commit to fulfilling your potential and bettering yourself, not tomorrow, not next week, not in a month's time, but now.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have a great advantage in that their poison is so addictive – but their poison also has a fatal weakness. The poison pushed upon Western man is intoxicating in the short term, but it always leaves those who embrace it feeling hollow and unsatisfied in the long term. This sense of dissatisfaction is experienced by so many Western folk, and is why so many suffer from depression and feel as if something is missing in their lives – these people are searching for something greater.</p>
		<p>If a genuine, healthy and community-based alternative was placed in front of Western man, he would flock to it. People are attracted to strength, and gather around upstanding and strong individuals. By rising up and being the best you can be, you will yourself become a beacon of hope for the West. By coming together with other people like you and striving as a group to be even better, that beacon of hope will grow ever brighter.</p>
		<p>Once Western man reconnects with the old ways and realises that spiritual fulfilment and the connection with blood and soil means more than the toxic poison being fed to him by the enemies of the West, he will once again be free. Once you have cast off the chains placed on your mind, you can help others do the same and work toward rebuilding our shattered communities. Once Western man has rediscovered his community and his culture, and once that community is again a strong and homogenous group, he can free his lands and take control of his own destiny once more.</p>
		<p>Redemption for Western man is possible, but if that redemption is to come, it must come soon. The redemption of Western man starts with you. Rise, become the superman, walk tall in the footsteps of your ancestors, and rediscover what made Western man a titan and what made Western civilisation the towering accomplishment it once was.</p>
		<p>The future is in your hands... Grasp it!</p>

</body>
</html>
