<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>9: The Role of Feminism – The Death of the Loving Mother</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">9</span><br/>THE ROLE OF FEMINISM – THE DEATH OF THE LOVING MOTHER</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">So far it has been discussed how the structures of Western society have been dismantled and how this has affected the development of the superego, and thus allowed the primitive, selfish and pleasure-seeking id to begin to triumph, and the effect this has had on Western society. As stated earlier, society functions and works as a well-oiled machine because of shared moral values that are present within a group – in essence a shared superego that has been imparted to the young.</p>
		<p>To this point the discussion has been very male orientated and focused more strongly on the role of the male as the disciplinarian and patriarchal authority figure in both the family unit and the community as a whole. As order and discipline is in the main dispensed by strong masculine figures, a strong father figure and strong male role models are essential for the functioning of a strong society. These strong male figures have kept society – and crucially the next generation on the right path, helping to facilitate the passing down of tradition and values.</p>
		<p>The individuals who have advanced Western civilisation, the inventors, the captains of industry, the explorers and the military heroes have more often than not been male – but that is not to write women out of history or to diminish the role of women in society. To claim that women have been written out of history or to denigrate their contribution is to play into the hands of the enemies of the West.</p>
		<p>To return briefly to the example of the honey bees – each bee has a role to play, whether that is the role of queen, drone or worker and regardless of the job the bee carries out, each is vitally important in its own way. The same is true in Western civilisation, the advancement of which came about through people pulling together and playing their individual role without thought to selfish gain. As no bee mocks another because of the role they carry out, no man should sneer at a woman and no woman scorn a man because their role in society may differ.</p>
		<p>Take for example the role of the family unit and its importance to the development of both society and to the next generation – this has been discussed extensively in earlier chapters. It has been stated that the male is the head of the house – a disciplinarian and authority figure. Does that relegate the woman to being less than her male counterpart; is the wife in effect less than the husband? Of course not!</p>
<p>Nature favoured the male and the female coming
together as a lasting and stable family unit and bringing up
children in such a way because males and females form a
complementary pair. Both the male and female are different,
physically and mentally, both bringing different skills and
attributes to the relationship. When a male and female come
together they create a union that is more rounded and balanced
than either individual, and ultimately a couple can be seen as
more than the sum of its parts.</p>
<p>If the male can be described as the ‘head of the house’, the
female could easily be described as the ‘heart of the home’. The
loving and motherly female was as much a central component of
Western society and the nuclear family as the male, and her role as
the compassionate, supportive, nurturing and loving influence on
the child is as important as the discipline, the order and the authority
imparted by the male.</p>
<p>The superego is of course composed of the two facets we
have previously discussed – the conscience and the ideal self. Whilst
the strong male role model imparted discipline and order which
helped shape the ideal self, more often than not the conscience
which is founded on empathy, love and care was born from the
influence of the loving mother. This conscience was helped in its
early stages of development by the bond the mother had with the
child; this natural and loving connection between mother and child
is vital to the early development of the infant.</p>
<p>The loving mother is any well-balanced child’s first and most
indelibly printed and lasting memory. The mother feeds, cares for,
nurtures and looks after the infant child in every way, doting on the
child and imprinting a lasting bond that as the child grows and
develops to maturity helps the next generation remain tied to the
family and the mother that raised it. This motherly bond with the
child binds individuals to their family and their past with feelings of
love and memories of childhood happiness that should never fade.</p>
<p>What greater achievement is there for a loving mother than
to successfully raise her children and see the next generation of her
family and blood develop into fine upstanding members of the
community? What could be more satisfying to anyone than to see
the child they gave birth to, fed, nurtured and taught grow up into a
strong and well-rounded member of society? A strong and
upstanding young adult is the physical embodiment and a living
proof of a mother’s hard work, love and skill as a parent.</p>
<p>These are natural callings; nature’s most basic drives are for
an individual to survive and to pass on their blood to the next
generation. These acts of motherly love and child-rearing have been
going on since the earliest days of Western development. Ensuring
that the child was kept warm through the ice cold winters huddled in
the early dwellings of Northern Europe, ensuring the child came
first when it came to food, even if that meant the mother going
without, ensuring that the child was protected and nursed through
sickness – all of these things were the great sacrifices every
successful mother made.</p>
<p>The female was never the ‘weaker’ of the sexes nor treated
as such, but was a vital complementary partner to the male.
Whilst the male was out hunting, gathering, fishing and creating
tools, the female mastered the art of multitasking – feeding the
fire, tending to the children and checking the progress of the food
being prepared. The female was the homemaker – and running a
successful home was no small feat nor was it less important than
the tasks undertaken by her partner.</p>
<p>As Western civilisation advanced, the motherly figure
became the housewife and her role as homemaker was cemented
further. As Western society moved off the ice sheets and developed
into an advanced society, the female became ever more the beating
heart of the household – literally running the home as she raised the
children. To pour scorn on the mother and the housewife, or to
attempt to diminish the role the mother and housewife played in the
development of Western civilisation, would not only pay a
disservice to generations of women but it would also serve to create
division between the sexes where previously there was none.</p>
<p>However this is exactly what has happened during the 20th
century – the role of the woman as a homemaker, loving mother and
committed partner has been scorned, mocked and derided by those
who wish to see the destruction of Western civilisation. The same
people who have facilitated the breakdown of the family unit, the
same people who have removed the safeguards in Western society
and the same people who have foisted unsuitable role models upon
Western children have conspired to attack the natural role of the
female in society with a poisonous ideology known as feminism.</p>
<p>Feminism is a multi-pronged attack on Western civilisation
that aims to create division and distrust between males and females
where previously there was understanding, cooperation and
harmony. Feminism is a wholly unnatural calling that attacks the
natural urge for a female to come together with a male and form a
complementary pair and raise children in a loving two parent home.
Feminism is not just an attack on the male as many mistake it for,
but an attack on the female and her natural role. When taken to its
logical conclusion feminism leaves a woman trying to emulate and
outdo the males around her in a futile attempt to prove she is better
at masculine pursuits than her male counterparts.</p>
<p>Feminism attacks the very essence of femininity. It is an
attack on everything that women have achieved and the
contribution of every loving mother, loyal wife and committed
homemaker. It belittles the contribution of the supportive partner,
the doting mother and attacks women who seek to satisfy their
natural and loving urges.</p>
<p>The feminist battle against ‘the patriarchy’ or the male is seen
as a noble cause for women who wish to rise up against their male
oppressors – however this battle of the sexes is not a genuine fight
but one manufactured by those who wish to create division and
discord within Western society.</p>
<p>The war waged by the feminist is done so under the seductive
guise of equality. But as stated earlier, equality does not exist in the
natural world and men and women were never meant to be equal, but
different components of a loving partnership. The woman and the
man were meant to work together to achieve more as a pair than either
could have achieved alone. Men and women are not meant to be at
war with one another, but are meant to form a complementary pair.
The male and the female are different, but are meant to come together
in order to each provide the different components that make up a
single entity which facilitates the successful raising of children.</p>
<p>In the feminist’s battle to defeat the male and surpass and
dominate him, the feminist knows that the female cannot be
victorious by being feminine, motherly and pursuing her natural
gender roles. Feminists tell women to cast off their natural urges and
desires and instead emulate male attributes. This wholly unnatural
process forces the woman to be like a man in order to compete
unnaturally with her partner at the things he does best. Feminism
drives women to throw off and discard the traits that make them
unique and cherished and so very important to society.</p>
<p>The feminist fantasy of defeating the male on his own
ground is however a difficult if nigh-on impossible task as the male
and female have carried out their different gendered roles not just for
generations but for tens of thousands of years. The male and female
have each grown and evolved in different ways over the millennia in
order to be best adapted to the roles they played – roles which due to
their complementary nature are vastly different. The male
developed a stronger, more muscular and athletic build to become
the best hunter, a skill that in turn increased the male’s spatial
awareness. As discussed earlier, the female developed patience and
multitasking as she dealt with many tasks at once, including the
rearing of the young.</p>
<p>Feminism has created a dichotomy where the female is
forced to compete against her male counterpart, and essentially go
against her natural callings and her own highly evolved skill set. To
do this she must jettison her feminine attributes and womanly ways
and attempt to become like a man in order to compete effectively.
But with women increasingly striving to be like men, this presents
the West with another mortal blow – the death of the loving mother.</p>
<p>The very heart of the Western family, the loving motherly
female, has now been ripped out – a casualty in the feminist’s war for
a false equality that is neither achievable nor desirable for a stable
and healthy society. For when women try to emulate men, they lose
what it is that makes them so special and destroy the attributes that
make them so vital to the Western world.</p>
<p>As the female tries to emulate the male, the most striking
change that she goes through is to discard her loving and motherly
ways. The female aims to excel in the workplace and match her male
counterparts, who she now competes with rather than embraces,
and the casualty in all this is the female’s natural motherly and
loving instincts. The male is strong in different ways to a female; he
is harsher and less emotional. In order to compete with the male the
woman has to also become harsher and less emotional – essentially
supressing and discarding the traits that made her a good mother.
This transformation has a profound effect on the way a woman
raises her children.</p>
<p>Rather than aiming to be a housewife and mother and
aspiring for a large family, the female aspires to work as a male
would and compete with men in the workplace. The woman no
longer judges herself on the how well she manages the home and
how well her children are brought up but on whether she can
perform in the commercial world. This drive is directly at odds with
the drive to have children.</p>
<p>What’s more, if and when a woman does have children, her
drive is now to get back into the workplace leaving the children at
playgroups or with childminders. A child’s early years are vitally
important as it is in these early years that a child bonds with its
mother through almost constant contact with her. The mother feeds,
nurtures, and cares for the child and is in charge of almost every
aspect of the child’s upbringing, if these tasks are not carried out by
the mother in a natural way, but by others who are designated to
carry out the motherly tasks on her behalf, this can stunt a child’s
development.</p>
<p>Separating mother from child weakens the bonds that hold
the nuclear family together. But this separation also has an effect on
the mental development of the child. The conscience is part of
superego; it is made up of empathy and gives the individual a feeling
of guilt if they contemplate breaking the moral codes and values of
society. The conscience is an important aspect of the development
of a child and it is imparted largely in the early years from
interactions between mother and child. A loving mother imparts
those feelings and builds the conscience – a sense of right and
wrong, which is obviously bolstered and reinforced by the order and
discipline imparted by the father.</p>
<p>To remove the mother from the child in the early stages of
development also increases the levels of stress on the child and can
even cause a child to suffer from depression – something that can
affect the development of the child both physically and mentally.
This is known as attachment theory and is something that can be
easily read up on and has been extensively studied. Interestingly,
attachment theory states that other caregivers – be they nannies,
grandparents or childminders are not a substitute for the mother.
The child knows if it is, or is not, with its own mother and this affects
the child’s feeling of contentment and happiness and thus affects the
child’s mental state.</p>
<p>A loving mother is essential to a child’s development and
her close proximity to that child furthers the mother/child bond
and aids in both the mental and physical development of the child.
Yet feminism wishes to speed the separation of mother from child
in order to hasten the female’s return to the workplace so she can
do battle with the male in a futile attempt to better the male on his
own ground.</p>
<p>Bear in mind that in the early development of Western
civilisation right up to before the industrial revolution, the mother
would remain in the home with the child and be responsible for the
child’s tuition and personal development up to a fairly advanced age.
The bond between mother and child would be far stronger because
of this and as such the mental development of the child would be far
more advanced and as a result the child’s superego would be more
likely to develop to a greater degree.</p>
<p>The loving mother set a standard that was then passed down
from generation to generation. Her daughters saw the example she
set and she became their role model. Just as the strong and dominant
father figure provided a role model to his sons, the loving and
motherly female provided a role model to her daughters. The young
females saw the strength, love and the critical role the mother played
within the family and sought to emulate that. The natural and
learned urges of the young female were to emulate their own mother
and to have children and to raise those children in the manner
similar to their own upbringing.</p>
<p>But just as tradition is taught and remembered, it can also be
forgotten. As the feminist pushes for the woman do battle with the
male and thus abandon her family for the workplace, the young
females see this and seek to emulate the actions of their mother. Just
as young people who are without a father figure lack discipline and
order and risk becoming tearaways, young females and young males
are both affected by the lack of a loving motherly figure as this stunts
a child’s early mental development.</p>
<p>The female’s hardened attitude to the male that now sees her
view him as the enemy, and not the lover, protector and partner, also
rubs off on the next generation. Rather than seeing the male as the
other part of the complementary pair, the female sees the male as
someone she should compete with – this is highly unnatural. Imagine
back in the early days of Western society if the male and female had
competed with one another and not worked together, Western man
would never have survived. Remember, males and females working
together and forming family units is the foundation of Western
society. To break up the nuclear family by either removing the father or
the mother is to tear apart the very foundations of the West.</p>
<p>For young females to be brought up by hardened, unnatural
and unloving mothers that prioritise their career over the good of
their children is to attack the very foundation of Western society and
to undermine not only the development of the next generation but
also the development of all future generations thereafter. But that is
exactly what those behind feminism wish for. Feminism can be
classified as an unnatural ideology – one based in self-
aggrandisement that prompts the female to throw off her natural
role as a mother and loving partner in order to ‘achieve’ on an
individual level and in a way that is not conducive to the growth and
maintenance of Western society.</p>
<p>The loving mother was not just a homemaker and was
certainly not a ‘slave’ to her male companion as the feminist would
like us to believe. The loving mother was the beating heart of the
home and was crucial to the mental development of the next
generation of the family. By providing stability, love and constant
care and attention she nurtured mentally balanced children that
would be more likely to accept and learn the morals and values that
make up a developed superego.</p>
<p>By ensuring the child was in the right mental state to be able
to learn, grow and develop into being a productive and balanced
member of society, the mother played a crucial role in the
development of Western civilisation. Was the role of the mother as
the caregiver more important than the role of the father, or was the
role of the father as a disciplinarian more important than the role of
the mother? The answer, much to the annoyance of the feminist, is
that both were and still are equally important.</p>
<p>To develop a cohesive society, the people who make up that
society need to be mentally balanced and highly developed. The
more highly developed and mentally balanced individuals are, the
more developed their superego can be, and with a higher superego
comes a higher level of moral reasoning. These high moral values
and shared traditions are what bind homogenous groups of people
together into communities.</p>
<p>It can thus be held that the Western female is the mother of
Western civilisation as she nurtures the young and helps them
develop through constant care and attention. The Western female
played a pivotal role in the development of the next generation and
helped the next generation develop a higher form of consciousness
that served to bind Western society together.</p>
<p>The Western female was never less important than her male
counterpart, nor was it intended for her to compete with him. The
male and female were designed to complement one another and to
come together to form a pair that held a value that was more than the
sum of its parts. It follows that feminism is an attack not just on the
male, but also the female and the whole of Western society as it
seeks to undermine the beating heart of Western civilisation – the
loving mother.</p>

</body>
</html>
