<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>17: The Loss of the Western Heart</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">17</span><br/>THE LOSS OF THE WESTERN HEART</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The Western heart is not just Western man's love for his family and his folk, but it encompasses something much more important. The Western heart stems from Western man's love for his people and it is what drives Western man to protect those people at all costs. The Western heart can be summed up quite simply as Western man's courage and bravery, which are the traits that allow Western man to go that step further when necessary to defend his blood and soil. The Western heart has been a major contributing factor in the development of Western civilisation.</p>
		<p>History books are full of the tales of Western heart, bravery and courage. This bravery and courage allowed Western man to stand strong even in the face of overwhelming odds; it allowed Western man to undertake great challenges even when the risk of failure or death was high, and it ensured that Western man protected his loved ones and community at any cost. The Western heart was the heart of a warrior, an explorer and a pioneer. The Western heart drove Western civilisation forward and protected that civilisation from those who wished to tear it down.</p>
		<p>There are many examples of Western heart throughout the illustrious history of Western civilisation and even from the earliest recorded history these acts of courage can be seen – the Battle of Thermopylae is a perfect example. Three hundred brave Spartan warriors and a small group of allies were vastly outnumbered by the Persian army, yet despite the odds being heavily stacked against them, the courage and the bravery of the Spartans went down in history as they broke the spirit of the Persian invaders. Despite the Spartans ultimately perishing, their actions bought the Greek nations enough time to rally and eventually defeat the Persian Empire.</p>
		<p>The Battle of Vienna is another great example of Western bravery and courage. Again Western man found himself outnumbered five to one against the vast forces of the Ottoman Empire. This battle was a decisive one and marked the turning point in the Ottoman-Habsburg wars, a three hundred-year struggle between the Holy Roman and Ottoman empires. This great victory led to the collapse of the Turkish occupation of Eastern Europe and allowed Western man to regain control over his homeland.</p>
		<p>Another fine example of Western heart was seen at the Battle of Rorke's Drift. Just over one hundred and fifty British and colonial troops successfully defended the garrison at the mission station at Rorke's Drift against an intense assault by three to four thousand Zulu warriors. Again, Western man was vastly outnumbered yet stood firm in the face of overwhelming odds and what would have seemed like a fate of certain death.</p>
		<p>These brave actions – and many more like them – shaped the West and held the rest of the world in awe of Western man's bravery and courage. The common factor in these acts of bravery was that the men who stood firm faced almost certain death at the hands of their enemies. The odds were stacked so heavily against them that defeat looked almost certain, yet even in the face of defeat and death Western man stood strong and looked his enemy in the eye and fought on regardless.</p>
		<p>These acts of bravery are the embodiment of the Western heart and the motivation for these acts stem from Western man's love for those he protects and his duty to his community. Such was Western man's commitment to his community and fellow man, that to turn and flee and to leave the field of combat would have been unthinkable – Western man would rather stand and fight to the death than let down his comrades and his community. The Western heart is again the product of a developed superego. In this case the superego is so strong it not only overrides the id, but actually overrides the ego too, putting the individual in mortal danger. This illustrates the strength of the superego and the strength of the commitment Western man once had to his community.</p>
		<p>The Western heart is something that has always stood in the way of the enemies of the West. The Western heart has galvanised Western man and ensured that he would always stand and fight for what was right – for the defence of his loved ones, his community and his nation. The enemies of the West know that to break the Western heart, to remove that bravery and courage that has seen the West weather so many invasions and threats, would be to break the inner steel of Western man and rob him of the ability to protect his people.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have concocted the most devious of schemes in order to break the Western heart. Just like many of their other plots, this scheme begins with their careful use of the media and the promotion of bad role models which are designed to warp the Western mind. Once the Western mind is broken the enemies of the West can manipulate all facets of Western man. This is exactly how the enemies of the West have sought to undermine the Western heart and this attack can be summed up in two words – white guilt.</p>
		<p>To make a race or culture hate themselves would be the most powerful way to ensure the destruction of that race or culture as it would rob them of their ability to defend themselves and even cause that race or culture to wish for their own destruction. This feeling of self-hatred has been instilled in Western man by a prolonged and sustained campaign of lies and half-truths intended to make Western man feel guilty for everything he has accomplished, everything he is and ultimately for even merely existing.</p>
		<p>Those who control the media and those who have undermined and hijacked the education system have slowly introduced this guilt and self-loathing into almost every level of Western consciousness. This has been done through several highly effective attacks which have originated from twisted portrayals of slavery, the West's colonial past and of course the holy grail of guilt and self-loathing – the holocaust.</p>
		<p>By rewriting history or by presenting historical snapshots in a manner where they are no longer viewed within the correct context or from the correct perspective, the enemies of the West have managed to ensure that generations of Western youth actively despise their own ancestors. This is of course an attack on the superego, as the superego is a way of preserving morals, values and traditions and ensuring they are passed down from generation to generation. By making the young distrust or despise their own ancestors ensures the death of tradition and heritage, as who would want to follow in the footsteps of those they hated?</p>
		<p>Slavery is the first and most obvious attack on the Western heart and something that every Western child is made to feel guilty for. Before we go into any historical detail, on a purely logical level, why should any Western man feel guilty for slavery? There is no Western man alive who owns an African slave – equally there is no African alive who is owned or ever has been owned by a Western man. So why on earth should Western man feel guilt for something he personally played no part in – or should the son pay for the sins of his father?</p>
		<p>Strangely enough, those who insist that Western man should pay for the sins of his forefathers, both through financial reparations and the burden of eternal guilt, are the same people who tell Western man that being proud of the positive achievements of his ancestors is both pointless and illogical! So whilst Western man cannot show any pride for the achievements of his ancestors, he can certainly feel guilt and shame for their alleged crimes.</p>
		<p>Alleged crimes is exactly the point though, as the acts Western man is accused of perpetrating are often utterly distorted or taken so far out of context that their portrayal borders on fiction. Slavery is a clear case in point. The established narrative on slavery is that the wicked Western man went to the peaceful continent of Africa and rounded up every happy and peace-loving African he could find and forced them into a life of brutal slavery.</p>
		<p>It is indeed true that a tiny minority of Western society kept African slaves – however to take this out of its historical context is to begin a dangerous lie that only leads to white guilt and Western self-hatred. In fact in the United States at the peak of the slave trade just 1.6 per cent of the population owned slaves. Slavery has existed from the beginning of recorded history and every racial or ethnic group has at one time or another either owned slaves or been enslaved themselves. Slavery existed in biblical times, in ancient Mesopotamia, in ancient Egypt, in Rome and throughout the Middle Ages.</p>
		<p>Both slaves and slave traders have come in every colour, and slaves were often the product of war – a conquered tribe would often be enslaved by those who conquered them, in effect making slaves a spoil of war. Does this make slavery right? Of course it doesn't. But it does place slavery in the correct and historically accurate context as a social phenomenon that existed on a global scale and not as the enemies of the West wish to portray it. Europeans, Africans, Asians, Arabs and East Asians have all at one time or another owned slaves, yet it is the European who is beaten with the stick of guilt for his participation in the slave trade.</p>
		<p>What is even more contradictory about the established truth on slavery and the slave trade is that it was William Wilberforce, an English politician and philanthropist, who led the movement to have slavery abolished. It was Western man who abolished slavery and it was Western man who poured money, resources and troops into ensuring that the practice of slavery was combated on a global scale.</p>
		<p>Despite Western man's noble act of opposing slavery and emancipating the slaves owned by those living in Western nations, slavery still exists today. Modern slavery is a multi-billion dollar industry with experts estimating that up to $35 billion is generated annually through the trade. The United Nations estimates that roughly 27 to 30 million men, women and children are currently caught up in the modern slave trade. These slaves are overwhelmingly located in the developing or third world, not Western nations – but the enemies of the West tell us it is Western man who should feel guilty for slavery.</p>
		<p>This same theme is expanded to include guilt for Western man's colonial past. Due to the nature of Western man and the fact he was both a pioneer and explorer, it was natural that during exploration Western man formed colonies around the world. Western man colonised Africa, Asia and the Americas and brought advanced civilisation to those continents. As Western man colonised foreign lands, he farmed their plains, fished their waters and mined their resources.</p>
		<p>The history of colonisation has been twisted and taken out of context in a similar way to the narrative on slavery, the effect of which is to create a 'black and white' story of Western man raping foreign lands and stealing the resources and the destiny of the native people who were wrongfully disposed of their birth right. However to paint that picture would be dishonest and misleading, as Western man gave much more than he took when he colonised other countries.</p>
		<p>Western man shared his great technology with every nation he colonised and used that technology to better the lives of the native people. Western man built schools, hospitals and infrastructure. Western man gave these countries medical care, clean running water and sanitation. Western man introduced written language, the motor car and farming methods that vastly increased the yield of the natives' crops. All of these technological marvels improved the lives of the native people and helped develop their countries. Western man did take resources from the places he colonised, but he gave back just as much as he ever took – if not more.</p>
		<p>Yet when the enemies of the West talk of colonisation, they do not talk of the improvements and inventions that Western man gave to the world as that would make today's Western youth proud of their ancestors; the enemies of the West talk only of what Western man took. The younger generations are taught that their ancestors were no better than bullies and common thieves who stole the wealth of peaceful people who were not able defend themselves against Western colonial might. Again this teaches Western man to feel guilt and shame for the actions of his ancestors and ultimately to despise his own lineage.</p>
		<p>When it comes to the notion of white guilt, nothing is pushed more strongly nor made more prominent in the minds of Western people than the holocaust. The holocaust is the alleged extermination of six million Jews at the hands of the German people during World War 2. The level of hysteria that surrounds the holocaust is so great that it is actually illegal in many countries to question any aspect of the holocaust's authenticity.</p>
		<p>The holocaust is taught in schools and presented in the media as the greatest single act of evil that has ever taken place – and of course, that it was Western man and his drive for nationalism that caused such an evil act to occur. The holocaust has been elevated to a level of importance so great that it has its own worldwide day of remembrance, and a multi-million dollar industry exists to push the established narrative. The holocaust industry churns out movies, books and television shows on a regular basis to ensure that the holocaust is constantly kept in the collective mind of Western man.</p>
		<p>The holocaust is particularly important as not only is the holocaust presented as the most evil act to have ever taken place – but the motivation for this act was not simply greed, but Western man's drive for nationalism. So in essence the motto of this story is that Western man's own love for his people and culture and his will for self-determination led directly to the greatest crime to ever have taken place in the history of humanity. The message imparted to future generations is clear – not only should Western man feel guilty for the crimes of his ancestors, but Western man's brutality and cruelty is at its worst when he pursues a path of nationalism.</p>
		<p>The important question one must ask is clear: in a world where every single detail of history can be questioned, debated and investigated, why is it that one single historical issue should be off limits for any kind of debate or investigation, and why are those who seek to debate or investigate that issue threatened with the full force of the law and the loss of their liberties?</p>
		<p>It is often said that the truth does not fear investigation. Yet the holocaust has been elevated to a special level of importance and has become an almost unquestionable truth as if it were a holy teaching central to a religious cult. Like a religious cult, the industry surrounding the holocaust is so zealous that anyone who dares whisper even the mildest doubt over the authenticity of any detail of the established holocaust narrative is hounded and attacked until they are made an outcast and shunned by the rest of society.</p>
		<p>The holocaust, slavery and colonialism have been used as sticks with which to beat Western man and instil within him a sense of guilt and self-hatred. This self-hatred and guilt is expressed most easily in a single word, a word so powerful that it can silence any man, end any debate and once uttered against a man can literally make him a pariah – that word is 'racist'. The word 'racist' is so powerful that grown men cower when it is used as a weapon against them.</p>
		<p>The word 'racist' is the modern day equivalent of the word 'witch'. Just as the accusation of being a witch could see an individual face a death sentence, today the accusation of being a 'racist' can cause an individual to lose their job, lead to their incarceration in prison and ultimately isolate them and leave them as an outcast from society. But just like with the accusation of being a witch, there is very little defence one can use when accused of being a racist other than to grovel, creep and beg in the most craven manner.</p>
		<p>The word 'racist' has turned Western man into a creature that can only be equated with a whipped dog. On the cry of that one word Western man rolls over and begs for mercy – just as an abused animal would. White guilt, self-hatred and the word 'racist' have been used to break the Western heart and subdue Western bravery and courage in order to prevent Western man from standing up in the defence of his own people. Western man is now so cowed that he dare not speak out against any foreign enemy or threat to his people for fear of being branded a 'racist'.</p>
		<p>There is no better example of this than in the northern town of Rotherham. Over 1400 Western girls were systematically groomed, sexually assaulted and raped by Muslim men who were overwhelmingly of foreign descent. Let's look at this horrendous series of acts and examine them in more detail – and ask what was truly shocking about these horrendous crimes.</p>
		<p>Was it truly shocking that gangs of Muslim men sought to exploit Western females? The answer is no. When looking at the treatment of women in Islamic countries – especially the treatment of female non-believers – sexual abuse is often common. What's more, the grooming of Western girls by Muslim men had been known about for roughly a decade before the grooming of Western girls in Rotherham made national headlines. The actions of these men, whilst sickening, should not have come as a shock to anyone.</p>
		<p>Was it truly shocking that these acts were covered up by the local establishment – politicians and the police? Again the answer is no. It is of no surprise that those motivated by greed – whether it be greed for political power or monetary gain – should cover up vile acts in order to personally profit. Throughout history powerful individuals and groups have covered up criminality and wrongdoing for personal gain. The police officers and politicians who played a part in covering up the grooming of young girls in Rotherham are despicable and should all have been tried for their complicity in these crimes. But the fact that the police and the political establishment were complicit in such crimes should shock no one.</p>
		<p>What is truly shocking is that the local community whose daughters were being preyed upon did nothing. The truly jaw-dropping fact that underlies this whole sorry tale is that the local community stood by and let this sickening abuse continue. Grown men chose to watch in silence as their daughters were taken away to be sexually abused, rather than run the risk of being called a 'racist' for speaking out or fighting back, and defending their loved ones.</p>
		<p>Make no mistake – the most sickening aspect of the scandal in Rotherham was that no one stood up to what was happening. The community never came together to defend their daughters. Fathers never put up a fight against the men who called at their homes after dark with the intention of abusing their children. What's more, the people of Rotherham did not turn on the police nor did they string up the politicians who were complicit in covering up these crimes – in fact they voted them back into power.</p>
		<p>The descendants of the men who died at Thermopylae, who defended the Gates of Vienna and who stood firm at Rorke's Drift simply stood and watched their daughters being taken away by foreign men to be sexually abused; Western man chose to let his daughters be raped rather than risk being called a racist. This is the breaking of the Western heart and the destruction of Western bravery and courage; Western man is now a whipped dog racked with guilt and self-loathing and can be brought to his knees with the use of mere words.</p>
		<p>The bravery and courage that Western man was famed for, and that held the world in awe, is now a thing of the past. Western folk have become conditioned to hate themselves through an onslaught of material created to instil guilt in those who view it. Through the bending and manipulation of history Western youngsters have been taught to hate and despise their own ancestors and reject their own culture and heritage.</p>
		<p>Western man now walks with his head bowed. He fears speaking his mind and is kept in line not by the rod or the stick but by words like 'racist' and feelings of false guilt that have been forced upon him. Just as Western man has been enslaved by ideals implanted in his own mind, just as Western man poisons his own body by choice – Western man also is in effect his own warden, regulating his own speech and actions in order to ensure he does not break the rules imposed on him by his mortal enemies.</p>
		<p>As Europe becomes ever more multicultural, as different cultures vie for power and position within Western cities and towns, conflict will naturally arise. Western man will increasingly be the loser in these conflicts as he now lacks the ability to defend himself, his loved ones and his community. Western man is now so conditioned that he would rather roll over and die than defend himself and risk being called a 'racist'.</p>
		<p>Western man is a shadow of his former self: his mind enslaved, his body weakened, his spirit corrupted and the courage and bravery he once possessed radically diminished. The enemies of the West have ripped out the very heart of Western man and left him at the mercy of any foreign foe that chooses to see him and his family as worthy prey.</p>

</body>
</html>
