<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>19: The Death of the Western Superego</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">19</span><br/>THE DEATH OF THE WESTERN SUPEREGO</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">The enemies of the West seek to destroy Western man and plunge Western civilisation into a state of madness and degeneracy from which it will never recover. The enemies of the West are 'nation wreckers' that seek to undermine the sovereignty of nations and states in order to make them weak so they can plunder their wealth and enrich themselves through the misery of others. But in order to defeat Western man and reduce Western civilisation to ash, the enemies of the West must first destroy the essence of Western man.</p>
		<p>The Western superego is the essence of Western man and it is this essence that the enemies of the West seek to destroy, for when that essence is extinguished Western man will no longer possess the characteristics that made him great.</p>
		<p>The superego is of course the learned part of the psyche, the morals, the values and the very traditions that are passed down from generation to generation that mould young minds into dependable and upstanding adults. When a group of people share the same traditions and have a shared sense of moral values, they pass down those shared characteristics to their offspring. Everyone in that group grows up surrounded by others who share the same community logic which allows the group to form a community consciousness.</p>
		<p>The Western superego is the embodiment of Western man's community consciousness. The Western superego has been evolving and developing for over 40,000 years since early Western man existed on the edge of Northern Europe's ice sheets and hunted animals that are now long extinct. Western man has passed down his DNA from generation to generation and that has ensured that his physical traits have survived and been strengthened. Western man has also passed down the Western superego through lessons and teachings.</p>
		<p>By passing down learned morality and values from generation to generation, Western man has ensured that it is not only his DNA that lives on in future generations. Western man has ensured that his mentality and ways of thinking live on by passing down his superego to his offspring. This ensures that not only do Western man's physical traits live on, but in a very real way his soul also lives on through future generations.</p>
		<p>Just as the DNA of Western man has changed and evolved over time to favour stronger genetic traits, the Western superego evolved over time to favour stronger morals and values that have acted as the glue that held communities and families together. It became a selective pressure to stick with your own and to be loyal to your family and tribe – this was bred into Western man and reinforced and strengthened through imparting these values again and again to future generations. Over many thousands and thousands of years the Western superego developed and changed and it was not only values that were passed down but also traditions and ways of life.</p>
		<p>As Western man advanced and civilisation grew, so did the Western superego; it was no longer simply a set of binding moral values, but now embodied traditions that stretched back over millennia that became a rich culture. The Western superego consists of the values, morals and traditions of Western man – the very essence of what makes Western man who he is, and the very stuff that binds Western man to his brothers and sisters and creates a community that works as one cohesive group.</p>
		<p>The morals, values and traditions that were passed down from generation to generation slowly evolved into a rich culture that was expressed through language, art, song, dress and architecture. These expressions of Western culture gave rise to a rich heritage that stretches back for millennia and which has left lasting footprints in the sands of time – footprints that show current generations just where their ancestors have come from and the path their ancestors had taken.</p>
		<p>What's more, those footprints in the sands of time not only showed future generations where their ancestors had come from, but they acted as a road map that pointed future generations in the right direction. Those footprints helped mark the way so that as civilisation developed, future generations could see the correct path to take. But importantly a strong community-wide superego not only points out the correct path, but it also causes a community to walk that path together and work as a singular unit. A community or a nation is only strong when the people it consists of work as one and pull together in the same direction.</p>
		<p>When a nation works together as a cohesive group that nation advances and has a far greater chance of warding off threats. But once a nation begins to fracture and divisions appear, the community becomes disparate and is no longer a community but a collection of individuals that no longer relate to one another and as a result begin pulling in different directions. The enemies of the West know this and to conquer Western man they set about attacking the Western superego with the aim of destroying the bonds that hold Western society together.</p>
		<p>We will return to the case of the beehive:</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>Bees produce honey – and honey is delicious and highly sought after both by man and beast alike. Honey has a high nutrient value and is a wonderful natural food source. But to get honey is no easy feat as the honey is stored deep within the hive and is protected by an entire army of bees. Once the hive is under attack the entire colony will mount an aggressive defence. It would be easy to simply state that the strength of the hive's defence lies merely in the overwhelming number of bees that will emerge to oppose any would-be thieves.</i></b></p>
		<p><b><i>However to simply think that numbers are all that matter is to miss the fundamental issue which is in fact the selfless dedication of the individual to the colony. When a hostile intruder attempts to take the life source of the colony that intruder is met with an overwhelming response, but that overwhelming response comes from many individual bees acting as one.</i></b></p>
		<p><b><i>The unfortunate truth that comes with any defence of the hive is that many individual bees will in fact perish. Bees are unfortunate in that when they attack and sting an enemy, it seals their own fate – every successful sting results in the death of the bee that landed the blow. The bee therefore literally puts the good of the colony before its own life; the bee gives everything in order to ensure the colony survives. The whole defence of the colony is mounted on the pretext of the greater good.</i></b></p>
		<p><b><i>This way of thinking is what has ensured the long-term survival of bees as a species, as it has protected countless colonies and put off many would-be attackers who eyed the honey as a prized meal. What could be more devastating or more painful than to be stung hundreds or thousands of times all over your body? What could be a greater deterrent to those who would happily seek the honey that belongs rightfully to the bees?</i></b></p>
		<p><b><i>A head-on assault would be almost suicidal – or at least very painful. But imagine attacking a hive where each bee thought of itself above the interests of the colony, where each bee was an individual who didn't connect with the other bees that surrounded it. Imagine a beehive where, if an attacker chose to attempt to plunder the honey, the bees thought of themselves before they thought of the colony and either hid in the hive or flew away to ensure their own safety. That hive would be plundered and ultimately the bees would be driven to extinction. If the community consciousness of the hive is destroyed the bees would be done for.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">It is no different within the world of man. Civilisations and nations only survive when the people who make up those civilisations and nations stick together and work as one in order to repel their enemies and stand strong in the face of adversity. It is the sense of community that holds people together, a sense of the greater good that comes from common bonds. That common bond for Western man is the Western superego. That is why the enemies of the West have set about to attack the Western superego.</p>
		<p>To undermine the will of a nation to work as one group and to prevent individuals working together for the greater good of society is to seal the fate of that nation. If Western man hadn't been so selfless in the defence of his people and his land, if Western man hadn't put the greater good of his nation before himself, the Western world would have ceased to exist a long time ago. It is this community spirit that has seen Western man weather so many storms and triumph again and again even in the face of overwhelming odds.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have a strong grasp of history and they are certainly not fools; they know that to defeat Western man it is no good to simply mount a head-on assault on the West. To defeat Western man, first and foremost the essence of Western man must be broken.</p>
		<p>This attack on the Western superego has been carefully orchestrated through numerous means that have been discussed at great length. The aims of these attacks are to prevent the older generation and the younger generation identifying with one another – essentially creating a generation gap. The generation gap prevents the older generation from passing down the superego to the younger generation, and prevents the morals, values and traditions of that society being passed down.</p>
		<p>As this generation gap prevents the passing down of morals, values and traditions, the very culture that was central to Western society begins to fade. Once the young in any society no longer look to their ancestors and no longer seek to follow the footprints previous generations have left in the sand, those generations end up going off track and become lost. A strong culture binds a group of people together and is like the glue that holds society together. When the young no longer follow a strong culture and become lost, they are easy prey for those who wish to lead them further astray.</p>
		<p>Creating the generation gap allows the younger and more impressionable within society to be more easily manipulated by the enemies of the West. The younger and more impressionable within society are easily led astray and can be taken down an ever more destructive path once they have been separated from their elders who they should be listening to and attempting to emulate. Once this has been achieved, traditions, morals and values are lost and false morality and degeneracy can then be implanted into the minds of those who have been led astray.</p>
		<p>When traditions are no longer passed down they are forgotten and become relics of the past that are viewed as 'quirky' and 'old-fashioned'. The few that continue to uphold such traditions are then painted as 'odd' and 'out-of-touch'. The traditions that have served Western man well for thousands of years are then confined to the dustbin of history within a few short decades. This represents the death of Western culture.</p>
		<p>Once Western culture has been destroyed and Western man has been separated from the traditions that link him to his ancestors and the ways of the past, a vacuum is then created. That vacuum is then filled – not by positive values, not by morality and not by anything wholesome. The vacuum created when Western man loses his culture is always filled by negatives that are promoted by the enemies of the West. What was once a healthy and moral culture is replaced by a degenerate and debased counterculture.</p>
		<p>Whereas traditional Western culture was linked to the past and laid out a road map that stretched back for millennia and pointed Western man in a positive and healthy direction, the counterculture points to many different but equally fruitless dead ends. The death of Western culture created a vacuum, and that vacuum has been filled by the counterculture which was created to lead Western man away from the path his ancestors took and down a road that ends with the demise of Western man.</p>
		<p>Traditional Western culture enshrined positive virtues that were emphasised in order to keep society on track and headed in the right direction. Western culture kept the mind, body, heart and soul healthy and fulfilled. Western man, through his own traditions, was taught that at the centre of his world should be blood, soil and spirituality. However the counterculture is a wholly negative invention that has been used to fill the vacuum created by the lack of genuine culture with something insidious.</p>
		<p>The counterculture created by the enemies of the West is not aimed at holding Western society together. The focus of the counterculture is not family bonds or national pride. The counterculture causes Western man to seek short-term hedonistic pleasure and embrace his animalistic instincts and pursue instant gratification. Western man no longer looks to the examples set by his ancestors, but looks to false role models held up by his enemies with the intention of implanting poor morals and values into Western minds. These role models seek to emphasise everything that Western man should not embrace – immorality and valueless nonsense is the message they impart.</p>
		<p>The false role models foisted upon Western man push everything that lacks moral substance and everything that is degenerate. These role models tell Western man that short-term gain is more important than long-term goals and thus that Western man should always give in to his animal instincts in order to attain the instant gratification his id desires. Once this short termism is embraced, it leads to gluttony, greed, lust and laziness ruling the mind of Western man. Once such dubious virtues are embraced, the outward manifestations of this poison are clear to see.</p>
		<p>Every single healthy trait that once defined Western society slowly withers and is replaced by materialism, obesity, drug abuse, sexual debauchery and even a hatred for one's self and one's ancestors and the historical achievements of those ancestors. As these unhealthy obsessions firmly take root in the hearts and minds of Western man, the natural and healthy culture of old becomes less and less attractive as it emphasises a morality that doesn't stand for instant gratification.</p>
		<p>This transformation from culture to counterculture can be seen quite simply as the regression of man from a highly evolved and mentally adept creature with a strong sense of self control and duty to a pleasure-driven animal governed by selfish desires. This is the death of the Western superego – it is the death of Western culture itself, and with it comes the rise of the id and the drive for unending individualistic and animalistic pleasure.</p>
		<p>Regression is the perfect word to describe this phenomenon. As humans we are closer to animals when we are first born as our only instincts are the natural drives for pleasure, and satisfying those pleasures is our only goal. As an individual grows and develops and as the superego is implanted in the individual's psyche by its parents, the individual progresses and learns to control and temper its natural instincts and behave within an adult and moral framework. This framework and adult reasoning is what allows society to function. Once that framework is removed and the individual throws off culture and embraces the counterculture, that individual begins regressing to a lower state – mentally the individual starts becoming more and more childlike.</p>
		<p>This childlike state that now rules the Western mind sees Western man seeking attention as an infant would, through the embrace of individualism as Western man cries out to be looked at and acknowledged. This childlike craving is no different than a toddler throwing a tantrum and crying for everyone around it to stare and look at its ill-behaved antics. But to gain attention today, in a world where every natural barrier has been broken down, is an increasingly difficult task. The individual must go to increasingly outlandish lengths in order to be different.</p>
		<p>As the regressing mind craves attention, it will go to ever greater lengths for acknowledgment, meaning that each and every person tries to push the envelope of individualism as far as they can in whichever direction they so favour. Instead of coming together and following the path laid out by his ancestors, Western man is fractured and running in so many different and opposite directions that society is no longer cohesive and cannot be described as a community.</p>
		<p>Western man no longer looks like his brothers and sisters. Western man styles himself in ways that are more akin to a debased and primitive tribesman, and embraces odd and destructive subcultures in a race to be different and garner as much attention as possible. Western man seeks out pleasures that not only damage him as an individual, but these pleasures further pull and tear apart what is left of Western society. These pleasures come before family, folk and soil and serve to satisfy only selfish desires.</p>
		<p>When Western man was part of a cohesive community, the achievements of that community were so magnificent they not only shaped the development of the West, but the development of the whole world. These achievements spanned every imaginable sphere of knowledge and art – architecture, poetry, literature, song, dance, fine painting, engineering, physics, chemistry and industrial growth.</p>
		<p>Great achievements like the Colosseum in Rome, the ancient aqueducts and castles of Northern Europe, still put to shame what most other cultures have achieved to this day. The writings of Shakespeare and Homer, the poetry of Keats, the beautiful art of Michelangelo, Leonardo and Turner all still inspire the world to this day and are largely unmatched. Inventions like alternating current, the combustion engine and medical advances like vaccinations changed the whole world.</p>
		<p>All of these achievements sprung forth from Western man, but all of these achievements were only possible because of the strong community that pulled together in order to make the dreams and ideas of exceptional individuals into realities. What's more, protecting these achievements and guarding them from would-be conquerors was also only possible because Western man stood together as a community.</p>
		<p>The death of the Western superego is not just the death of the Western community, and it is not just the death of Western nations. The death of the Western superego is the death of the very spirit that made possible the great achievements that have defined the West and shaped the development of the whole world. The death of the Western superego will not only spell the end for Western man – but will also see all the great achievements of Western man's ancestors crumble and be lost to the mists of time.</p>
		<p>In a very real sense, the death of the Western superego means the death and destruction of a lineage that stretches back for millennia and encompasses the greatest achievements the world has ever known. If Western man allows this, then Western man not only dooms himself, but in his own death he seals the fate of all those who came before him and renders their great achievements and sacrifices meaningless. If the Western superego perishes, then all that has ever gone before will have been for nought.</p>
		<p>Once the Western superego has been destroyed, Western man will be exactly as the enemies of the West wish him to be – a childlike and base creature that simply lives for pleasure. The death of the Western superego will give rise to the triumph of the id and the death of all of Western civilisation.</p>

</body>
</html>
