<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>18: The Rise of the Cult of Individualism</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading"><span class="graynumber">18</span><br/>THE RISE OF THE CULT OF INDIVIDUALISM</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">Western man is a titan and his great achievements and the civilisation he created once held the world in awe. But none of those achievements nor the great civilisation Western man built would have been possible without Western man working together with his brothers and sisters and forming communities, tribes and nations which pulled together for the greater good and which became more than the sum of their individual parts.</p>
		<p>Western man changed the world and virtually every single world-altering invention or discovery came from his fertile mind and was developed, industrialised and put into practice by his hand. None of this would have been possible without Western society pulling together and working as one in order to turn great thoughts and plans into great realities.</p>
		<p>Take as an example the great works of architecture that fill Western cities. Some of these wonders such as the Colosseum in Rome were built thousands of years ago – yet they are still a cause for inspiration and wonderment even today. It is true that the plans for these great structures were often the visions and designs of an individual architect or a small group of talented designers. However the reason the architects and designers realised their plans is because the cohesive society that surrounded them pulled together in order to turn their plans into magnificent realities.</p>
		<p>Just like a colony of bees, when humans come together and form a community that can be likened to a single living and breathing entity, with its own shared consciousness, then what can be achieved is almost limitless and infinitely greater than what can be achieved by mere individuals. The enemies of the West know this – and that is why they have done everything they can to undermine Western society in the numerous ways that have been explained in detail over the course of this book.</p>
		<p>The enemies of Western man have used every devious trick they could think of in order to promote the importance of being an individual. They push the notion that individualism should be held up as the highest and most noble virtue. These people scorn the idea of the need for a set of societal standards which allow people to identify with one another and come together as a cohesive community. In fact individualism has become like a cult within Western society. Western man now competes with his brothers and sisters in order to emphasise his own individuality and prove how different he is from those around him.</p>
		<p>The cult of individualism affects every aspect of Western life – from the way people dress to the way they style their hair and present themselves. Over time individuals have taken increasingly extreme steps in order to ensure they are truly one of a kind. People now modify their own bodies in ever more outlandish ways in an effort to stand out from the crowd. But the embrace of individualism has a hugely adverse effect on Western society causing it to become less homogenous – rather than a cohesive community, Western society becomes a loose collection of individuals who no longer relate to one another.</p>
		<p>Let us now return to the analogy of the bees.</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>The beehive works because the bees that inhabit the hive are a homogenous group and form a colony. The bees not only look alike but they think alike. The bees have a shared consciousness and work together in harmony for the good of the colony. The bees do not put the good of the individual before the good of the colony, as fundamentally when the good of the colony comes first the colony becomes strong and healthy, and a strong and healthy colony shelters and protects the individual bees. The individual bee does not reason like a human, but on an instinctive and primeval level the bee knows that his individual well-being is tied to the well-being of the colony. Now imagine what would happen to the colony if each and every bee decided to go it alone and push for its own individuality and personal freedoms and put those before the good of the colony. The bees would no longer wish to dance in the same manner; they would no longer be able to communicate effectively with each other and they would become increasingly isolated from one another. As the colony inevitably broke up, the hive itself would crumble and everything the bees had built and strived for would be lost.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">Again this analogy may seem simplistic but it illustrates an important point and one that can be directly applied to Western nations. The West was at its strongest when its community was at its most cohesive – and the enemies of Western man know this. That is why once the structures and safeguards that held the West together were weakened, the enemies of the West put into place the final and most devastating part of their plan; to ensure not only the break-up of Western society, but that Western society can never be put back together again.</p>
		<p>It is one thing to break up a community – but that process can often be reversed. Times of struggle and hardship can pull a group of people together and cause them to work as one again, forcing them to rediscover common bonds and reunite as a community. However if the individuals that once made up that community had become so different and so disparate that they could no longer relate to one another, then even in times of hardship they would be unable to reunite and work as a cohesive group.</p>
		<p>What would make all of this worse is if the people that made up that community no longer interacted with one another or spent time together – instead choosing solitary pursuits which increased their sense of isolation. Imagine if people just sat in front of their television or their computer spending hours watching programmes, playing games and browsing social networks. Not only would the people who made up that once strong community be unable to relate to one another due to their embrace of individualism, but they would no longer have the social skills necessary to interact with one another due to their increasingly solitary and isolated lifestyle.</p>
		<p>Think back to maybe fifty or sixty years ago, when families knew everyone who lived on their street. They would know the names of their neighbours, the names of their neighbours' children and where their neighbours worked. What's more they would interact with their neighbours at the local pub, church and at community events. People related to one another – they looked the same, went to the same church, the same pub and their children went to the same schools. Today how many people even know the names of their immediate neighbours who live next door?</p>
		<p>One of the ways the cult of individualism has been created is by the introduction of different subcultures into society. These subcultures are pushed through the very same channels as the majority of the other highly damaging material that is aimed at destroying Western society. One of the key ways subcultures form is around music. Subcultures are not just a hobby or a pastime – that is an important distinction. Subcultures are not just something that one indulges in during their spare time, but instead something that are more akin to a way of life.</p>
		<p>Subcultures influence the way people dress, the way they talk, the music they listen to, the symbols they identify with and even the very lifestyle they lead. This is not the same as a hobby or a pastime. If someone chooses to go fishing at the weekend, they may wear special clothing – but that clothing is only worn for the duration of the fishing trip. A fisherman doesn't choose to wear those special clothes at all other times to demonstrate to the world that he spends his free time catching fish or so other fishermen can identify with him.</p>
		<p>The idea that a fisherman would walk down the high street wearing waders and a fly hat so that other fishermen could identify him is comical. Yet this is exactly what members of subcultures do – members of a particular subculture will ensure they all dress in a similar manner and adopt the same symbols and patches in order to look alike. However on the flip side of the coin, adopting those visual cues ensures that members of a subculture don't look like or identify with those within society who are not a part of their particular subculture.</p>
		<p>Imagine a society full of different subcultures – each with their own different way of dressing, talking, their own symbols and their own micro-culture. Society would no longer be a cohesive body; it would instead be made up of a loose group of different subcultures that could be likened to tribes. These tribes would often view each other not only as different, but also with a degree of contempt or even dislike, hence the existence of different subcultures would lead to a fracturing of society.</p>
		<p>But you don't have to imagine this scenario – it is another reality faced by the West. Just take a look at the different musical subcultures that exist within society: goths, rockers, punks, headbangers, ravers and mods to name just a few. One could spend an entire day listing the different musical subcultures and the different ways each group has of 'standing out' from the crowd. The people pushing this divisive nonsense are the enemies of the West and again you can trace this attack back to its roots and see when it began. Let's look at the mods and rockers.</p>
		<p>The mods and rockers were two conflicting musical subcultures that came to prominence in the 1960s and 1970s. The rocker subculture was centred on motorcycling, and their appearance reflected that. Rockers generally wore motorcycle style clothing such as black leather jackets and boots. The mod subculture was centred on scooters and mods wore suits and other clean-cut outfits.</p>
		<p>It was not enough that the adoption of these subcultures led to a visible schism in society that served to divide Western youth – but the adoption of such subcultures also led to violence. Mods and rockers would regularly fight each other. These fights were not fought over national sovereignty or the continued existence of one's people, in fact these fights were not fought for any noble cause. The battles between the mods and the rockers took place for no other reason than the fact that mods and rockers were different. Riots took place between mods and rockers at different seaside resorts and the violence escalated to include the use of knives and other weapons.</p>
		<p>Essentially two different factions of Western youth were formed and both hated one another without any valid reason. These factions fought bitter and violent battles – again for no reason. This schism in society was not a natural occurrence but was manufactured by the enemies of the West in an attempt to divide and conquer Western man. The creation of these subcultures is another attack on Western civilisation. As with the other attacks on Western man, this attack was pushed through the media, the music industry and by the bad role models that are foisted upon young and impressionable Western minds.</p>
		<p>Today the mods and the rockers aren't the dominant subcultures – there are so many different subcultures it would be impossible to pick one as dominant. Rather than being one large and cohesive community, Western youth is fractured into hundreds of different groups each with their own ways. Each subculture is different enough to ensure that the small numbers attached to it identify more closely with their own tiny group than with the rest of society.</p>
		<p>Rockers are now split into separate smaller subcultures that listen to punk, heavy metal, rock, thrash metal, black metal and numerous other musical offshoots of the original genre. As these subcultures become smaller and more diverse there is an ever increasing push for a greater degree of individuality. As new subcultures emerge youngsters are drawn to them in order to stand out from the crowd and assert their own individuality. Often within these subcultures a type of anarchy is favoured to ensure each individual within the group is different to his or her companions.</p>
		<p>Instead of subcultures becoming larger and more cohesive over time the trend is the opposite. Over time larger subcultures fracture and an increasing number of smaller subcultures are created, and each of these smaller subcultures then attempts to differentiate itself from the pack and assert its own uniqueness. This has the obvious effect of tearing society apart and creating differences where there used to be uniformity.</p>
		<p>Now imagine this trend pushed to its logical extreme – the ultimate form of differentiation, a gang of one, an individual who is completely unique and totally different from everyone else in society and stands as an island unto himself. This is obviously the end game of this devious plan and can be seen in the way people dress, the way they present themselves, the colour of their hair and of course through body modifications such as tattoos, piercings and much more outlandish and degenerate transformations that individuals now commit to.</p>
		<p>Individuals now do anything and everything they can to stand out from the crowd. You only have to walk down the high street to see a thousand different fashions, haircuts and body modifications. No two people look alike and even those within the same subculture do everything they can to stand out from their own group. As time goes by the modifications people undergo to make themselves stand out become ever more degenerate and outlandish – stretched ears, dermal implants, full face tattoos, split tongues, tattooed eyeballs and now even artificial horns implanted on their skulls!</p>
		<p>But what is the root cause of people embracing these crazy fashions, haircuts and body modifications? At the heart of this drive for individuality is a childlike form of attention seeking. The people trying to stand out from the crowd by pursuing these ways of life and embracing these fads are effectively screaming 'look at me'. Why does the naughty child throw a tantrum or hurl his food across the table at his parents? The answer is simple; the naughty child 'plays up' in an attempt to gain attention from his parents in order to feel like he is the centre of proceedings.</p>
		<p>This basic drive for attention is something we are born with and serves us well as babies. When we are a tiny infant one of the most basic and natural behavioural patterns we are gifted with is to scream and cry when we need attention – as attention brings the parental figure (usually the mother) to tend to whatever need is currently wanting. For example, when a baby wants to eat, he or she cannot simply ask calmly for food, nor can he or she provide the food for themselves, so by crying this brings the attention of the parental figure who then satisfies the need of the child.</p>
		<p>This is one of the first and most important lessons a child learns – by making a scene they stand out and gain attention which brings them satisfaction. However as a child grows up and develops and the parents impart morals and learned behaviour to the child, the child learns not to scream and shout and play up, but to ask for what he or she desires, and if brought up correctly that child also learns to accept when he or she cannot immediately have what they desire.</p>
		<p>The process of developing a healthy superego involves growing out of behaving like a child; the developed superego scorns attention seeking on a childlike level. When a child is seen screaming and crying and throwing a tantrum in a public place, that child is seeking attention and is clearly the product of poor parenting. It is crucial to understand that when a child throws public tantrums it is a sign that the child is not mentally developing as it should; the child's id is still ruling its psyche and the id seeks immediate gratification through attention seeking on an undeveloped level as a newborn baby would.</p>
		<p>When a helpless infant cries for attention, the attention that is forthcoming makes the infant feel good and the infant makes an association between gaining attention and the feeling of satisfaction. If this desire for attention is not removed as the child grows older – if the child does not develop a functioning superego – then the adult will still seek attention in a childlike way. Whilst grown adults rarely seek attention by throwing tantrums, they now embrace individuality so they can stand out from the crowd in order to ensure everyone looks at them and gives them the attention they crave.</p>
		<p>By dying their hair bright pink, by shaving half of their head, by wearing ludicrous or revealing clothing, by sporting a large and visible set of tattoos or by modifying their body in some debased tribal manner – the individual is crying 'look at me'. The individual seeks attention from other people in order to satisfy their id in the same way the child seeks to satisfy the id when it throws a tantrum in the middle of a supermarket or shopping centre.</p>
		<p>The problem faced by Western man is that not only are more and more people seeking this attention through the cult of individualism, but also that the cult of individualism is a self-perpetuating and accelerating phenomenon. Just as the enemies of the West have pushed the envelope of degeneracy in film and music, they seek to push forward the cult of individualism. The cult of individualism has gathered momentum like a snowball rolling down a hill.</p>
		<p>What makes one person stand out from the crowd today is relatively passé tomorrow. At one time a man with an earring would have garnered curious looks; today no one would blink an eyelid. So instead people now stretch their ears like an African tribesman and insert huge hoops through the skin of their ear lobes. But now that the stretched ear is becoming more common, the 'trendsetters' seek to stand out and stretch their noses, cheeks, lips and even have these 'flesh tunnels' inserted in other places in an effort to be unique and gain the maximum attention possible from those around them.</p>
		<p>This is of course perpetuated further by social networks such as Facebook which are under the control of the enemies of the West. People now use these social networks to create as much outrage and controversy as possible by posting 'selfies' of their outrageous 'styles'. Of course the entire selfie culture is simply attention seeking at its worst – but when everyone is doing it the individual seeks increasingly crazy ways to make their selfie stand out from the crowd in order to attain more of the attention they crave.</p>
		<p>Like children rolling around wailing in the aisle of a supermarket, the grown adult now seeks to satiate the call of their id by ensuring that everyone looks at them. This makes the individual feel special and wanted – just like the child does when their parent picks them up off the floor and hugs them. The enemies of the West have damaged and undermined the superego by altering the conditions that allow the superego to develop. This has left adults being ruled by their id and one of the most damaging consequences of this is the development of the cult of individualism which is both childish in its nature and detrimental to the cohesiveness of Western society.</p>
		<p>As the cult of individualism reaches an insane peak with ever more people joining in the cry for attention, the creatures this cult creates become ever more insane and debased. Young people write blogs claiming that they are in fact animals trapped in human bodies. Grown men wear children's nappies and roll around in their own faeces. Youngsters get outrageous body art and modifications which permanently alter their appearance. Confused individuals demand sex changes and mutilate their genitals. But the driving force behind all of this madness is the childlike craving for attention.</p>
		<p>Western man is being pulled in a hundred or more different directions. The individual attempts to stand out from the crowd and embraces individualism in an increasingly outlandish manner. The homogenous Western society where people looked alike, acted alike and thought along the same lines is now gone, shattered into a million pieces. But a greater problem lies in the task of putting those pieces back together, as the process of fixing this mess is made all the more difficult as the pieces that once made up Western society are now so different they no longer fit together as they should.</p>
		<p>As a result Western man will be placed at a huge disadvantage if he is ever threatened by a strong and cohesive foreign culture that acts as single entity. The disparate nature of Western society will prevent Western man from launching an effective defence. How on earth are a group of people meant to ever come together and act as a cohesive society if every single person is doing everything they can to be as different to the next person as humanly possible? Think back to what makes the perfect society:</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><i>The perfect society can be defined as a group of people who come together with shared morals, shared values and wish to move forward as one, working together for the good of the community whilst not forgetting the rights and importance of the individual. This community cohesion relies on a shared sense of consciousness held by the people who make up that society.</i></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">But people are now drifting apart; they no longer share the same morals, and rather than grouping together, they identify with and chose to be around ever smaller and increasingly differentiated subcultures. The sense of community consciousness in the West has been destroyed and tiny groups seek to better themselves and look out for their own interests over and above the interests of society.</p>
		<p>Western man has embraced the cult of individualism. Western man's desire and drive to be as unique as possible has led to the fracturing of Western society. The drive for uniqueness has had an adverse effect on the common bonds within Western society causing those bonds to weaken. The common traditions, culture, dress and appearance that made Western society homogenous have now been abandoned in favour of individualism.</p>
		<p>The enemies of the West have played a devious and divisive game that has undermined the common values and homogeneity found within Western society. Sadly this places Western man at the mercy of other races and cultures who have settled in the West yet retained their traditions and values and remained as singular cohesive communities.</p>

</body>
</html>
