<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>Foreword</title>
</head>

<body>
		<h1 class="heading">FOREWORD</h1>

		<p class="noindent top">This book seeks to paint broad brush strokes and illustrate larger trends within Western society. It is written with the backdrop of Western civilisation being on the brink of collapse and Western man rapidly heading toward being a minority in his own homelands. These points are not debated or laboured, for one only needs to look at demographic data or view news reports to see how the racial and cultural make-up of the West has dramatically changed over the last few decades.</p>
		<p>This book does not seek to tread the typical and well-worn ground that has been gone over time and again. This book does not seek to blame the downfall of the West on immigrants, but instead on the changes that have affected Western man and caused the breakdown of Western society. Immigration obviously leads to demographic problems as mentioned earlier – but it is not immigration that has fractured the Western communities.</p>
		<p>Instead this book seeks to analyse how Western man has gone off track and lost his way. It seeks to analyse the mental state of Western man and show how the enemies of the West have subtly affected the Western psyche. This book lays bare the ways in which negative influences and degeneracy have been repeatedly pushed upon Western man and used to undermine once cohesive societies.</p>
		<p>This book uses illustrative quotations and examples to illustrate the degeneracy that has been foisted on the West; however there are so many examples that listing them all would be excessive. The reader is free to, and encouraged to, apply the logic herein and find their own examples that can easily fit the framework of the arguments. If one tried to list every single example it would fill dozens of books – and to quote Shakespeare, 'Brevity is the soul of wit'.</p>
		<p>Equally, this book is not concerned with listing names of people that have pushed such degeneracy on the West. Again, this would be unproductive and could easily fill dozens of books. The reader is again encouraged to carry out their own investigations into who 'the enemies of the West' are.</p>
		<p>The purpose of this book is to analyse the ways in which Western man has been misguided and lost his way and the way that structures that once held Western society together have been undermined and eroded or perverted.</p>

</body>
</html>
