<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>Indicia</title>
</head>

<body>

		<p class="noindent top">This digital copy of <i>The Fall of Western Man</i> is <b>FREE</b> and was produced not-for-profit. It is available for download at <b><a href="http://www.thefallofwesternman.com/">www.thefallofwesternman.com</a></b></p>

		<p class="noindent top">This digital copy of <i>The Fall of Western Man</i> grants the user the right to make and distribute unlimited digital copies to other users. This does not grant the user the right to make any alterations or changes to <i>The Fall of Western Man</i>, all digital copies must be faithful to the original file. All digital copies must be transferred free of charge and not-for-profit.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">This digital copy of <i>The Fall of Western Man</i> grants each individual user the right to print copies for home use. This does not grant the user the right to print copies for sale.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">If you enjoy <i>The Fall of Western Man</i>, you are encouraged to email the original work to friends and colleagues or share it on social media. Alternatively, you can share the link to the official website. If you wish for a hard copy, please visit the official website where hardback and paperback editions are available.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">Copyright © 2017 by Mark Collett</p>
		<p class="noindent">All rights reserved.</p>

		<p class="noindent top"><b><a href="http://www.thefallofwesternman.com/">www.thefallofwesternman.com</a></b></p>

</body>
</html>
